1
Silver Ring V alue Partners Limited Partnership • One Boston Place, Suite 2600, Boston, MA 02108 • www.silverringvaluepartners.com
December 9th, 2025
Dear Partners:
I hope that you are doing well. The Partnership had a very good year in 2025 despite an external
environment that was not supportive of a long-term value investing approach. My improvements to
the process from the last couple of years of reflection have resulted in better decisions and
improved portfolio construction. What’s more, while we did have a very successful investment in
Warner Brothers Discovery (WBD), the gains were broad-based with several other successful
outcomes.
Having invested professionally for 25 years, I of course understand that there is a sizable degree of
randomness as to when the market rewards good decisions. In other words, I could have made the
very same decisions and the specific outcome in 2025 could have been far more muted than it
turned out to be.
It is the process that I am most excited about - that is what is going to drive our long-term results. I
started the last few years with a good process that nonetheless had several blind spots in it. The
challenges which I discussed in the last few letters have led me to reassess what was working and
what wasn’t. I have been able to keep the solid foundation and build on it an improved process that
I believe will serve us well for many years to come.
I have received a number of questions over the last few months as to whether now is a good time to
invest in the partnership. Let me be clear: the opportunity set right now is challenging. Securities
are mostly expensive, and while there are occasional opportunities, they are far from abundant.
That, however, is not how you should evaluate whether it is a good time to invest or add capital.
After all, the opportunity set can change rapidly. Instead, you should decide whether you like the
philosophy and process which I practice to steward our capital and whether you believe that I will
be successful in implementing them across a range of market environments.
The market returns from the current elevated valuations are likely to be well below historical
averages. I believe that my long-term intrinsic value approach which strives to safely grow our
capital should serve us particularly well in what I suspect might be a turbulent period for the
securities markets in the years ahead.
2
Silver Ring V alue Partners Limited Partnership • One Boston Place, Suite 2600, Boston, MA 02108 • www.silverringvaluepartners.com
What 25 Years of Investing Taught Me: 12 Mistakes Your Brain Keeps
Making
You probably don’t like to think about mistakes. I don’t blame you, most of us don’t. However, there
is a good reason why the late, great Charlie Munger taught us to “rub your nose in your own
mistakes.” That’s how we can improve.
You know what’s even better than learning from your own mistakes? You guessed it, it’s learning
from the mistakes of others before you make them yourself.
In my 25 years of professional investing, I made many mistakes. I have observed even more made
by others. Here are the top 12 investing mistakes so that you can avoid making them.
1. Not Understanding What You Are Investing In
When I had a chance to ask Warren Buffett what he looks for in a stock during my first Berkshire
Hathaway annual meeting trip in 2002, he made it simple. He said that he starts by looking out 10
years and seeing if he could roughly figure out the future key economic characteristics of a
company that he is considering.
Just because it’s simple doesn’t mean it’s easy. In fact, Buffett is famous for his “too hard pile” for
companies that he does not understand well enough. Yet I have seen all too many investors focus
on the irrelevant – short-term news, next year’s earnings projections, etc., while not really
understanding what they are buying.
What you should do instead: Study the company carefully before even thinking about investing in it.
2. Not Focusing Enough on the Qualitative
Numbers are easy to find, especially in this day and age with reams of data at our fingertips. They
feel concrete.
Qualitative attributes on the other hand are harder to figure out. You must use judgment. They are
more nebulous.
So many beginners focus on what they can easily find – the numbers and ignore the qualitative
attributes of a company.
What you should do instead: Assess the qualitative attributes of the business and the management
together with the numbers.
3
Silver Ring V alue Partners Limited Partnership • One Boston Place, Suite 2600, Boston, MA 02108 • www.silverringvaluepartners.com
3. Investing in Fragile Companies
It’s all too easy to focus on management’s guidance or what you think will happen to a business
over the next year or two. The problem is that some companies are inherently more fragile than
others.
Remember that the future can take many possible paths. You don’t know which one will play out.
Some businesses are resilient to adverse developments while others melt at the first sign of
adversity.
If you invest in the latter, all your forecasts won’t be worth much. Trust me, I know. As a young
analyst at Fidelity, I forecasted that a company should have mid-cycle earnings of about $2.50 per
share. With the stock at $20, this seemed like a good value.
Except that the company didn’t earn $2.50. It didn’t even earn $1. The actual earnings a few years
later during a mid-cycle economic environment? About 25 cents. Oops.
What you should do instead: Ask yourself, what would it take for this company to make less money
in 5 years than it is making today? What would it take for it to lose money? Better still, use a
checklist approach, such as the Skeptic’s Checklist that I have developed.
4. Ignoring the Company’s Financial History
Will Danoff, the star manager of Fidelity’s Contrafund, once asked Warren Buffett if his access to
management gave him a big advantage as an investor. The answer from Buffett? “Nope. It’s all in
the numbers.”
The numbers should tell you a story, just like management narrative does. Accounting and financial
statements are a language, and if you understand it, you can learn a lot about the company and the
kind of business it is from studying the numbers over time.
Yes, that takes work. But what did you expect? That you show up, pontificate some armchair
philosopher superficial insights you heard on CNBC and call it a day? I have never seen that work
consistently for anyone over time.
What you should do instead: Take the time to study the numbers and understand the story they are
telling you about where the business has been and how the numbers inform where it might go.
5. Falling Victim to Behavioral Biases
Too often investors are eager to find the mistakes that others are making in the market. After all,
that is what creates opportunities.
4
Silver Ring V alue Partners Limited Partnership • One Boston Place, Suite 2600, Boston, MA 02108 • www.silverringvaluepartners.com
I bet that focusing on your own behavioral flaws is a lot less fun, isn’t it? However, it is just as
crucial. Playing behavioral defense can help you avoid disaster and is as important, if not more so,
than the behavioral offense that most people are focused on.
What you should do instead: Study behavioral biases and create systems to minimize them in your
own investing.
6. Focusing on the Short-Term
Everyone wants to get rich quick. We are also all bombarded by social media brags about how
someone made a killing in this or that. So of course you want quick wins too.
The problem is that the short-term is incredibly hard to predict. Maybe someone can win at that
game, but it’s probably not going to be you or me. As the old poker saying goes, if you can’t spot the
sucker in the first 30 minutes of the game - it’s you.
The shorter the time period, the more you are trying to guess how other market players will react to
new information. You are guessing how they are going to guess about how others are going to
guess… you get the point. That game is just too tough.
What you should do instead: Focus on the long-term where there is a lot less competition, think
about your edge and your circle of competence and stick to it.
7. Extrapolating the Recent Past Too Far into the Future
The market usually assumes that whatever has been happening lately will keep on happening
nearly forever. Earnings growing rapidly? Let’s assume that will happen for the next 10+ years.
Company going through a tough period? Of course it’s permanent.
Don’t get me wrong, sometimes that conclusion is exactly right. It’s just not always right, nor is it
true just based on recent performance.
What you should do instead: Dig deeper. Get to the root cause of what has been happening to
determine how sustainable, or not, the recent performance is.
8. Confusing Luck with Skill
Ever come across a post that reads something like ‘Bro, have you seen my returns?! I am up 100
gazillion% YTD, look at me!’
Well, let me tell you, short-term results are a lot more random than what most people would like to
think. The only thing a person bragging about them is revealing is their lack of understanding of
how investing really works, not their impressive skills.
5
Silver Ring V alue Partners Limited Partnership • One Boston Place, Suite 2600, Boston, MA 02108 • www.silverringvaluepartners.com
What you should do instead: Focus on what you can control, which is your process. You should be
proud of when you are executing your process well, regardless of the results. And if you are not
following your process (or don’t really have one) but are getting good short-term results that’s
nothing to brag about.
9. Failing to Consider the Opposing Viewpoint
Many investors think they are done when they have finished formulating their thesis. Wrong. You
must think about the strongest possible counterargument to what you believe and then understand
why it’s incorrect.
The market is a very competitive place. Just because a stock is down, is cheap or the company is
good doesn’t mean much in and of itself. For an investment to be mispriced you have to form a
well-reasoned opinion of what someone who sees things differently from you is getting wrong.
What you should do instead: If you like a stock, don’t stop at your own research. Find someone – a
short-seller, a negative sell-side analyst or even AI to get an informed opposite perspective.
Sometimes it will help you avoid big losses down the road.
10. Paying Too Much
There are no one-decision stocks. The price always matters. If you don’t believe me, imagine the
best company in the world and change its share price to $1 billion per share. Is it still a buy?
The people who think they can identify a good company and own its stock regardless of price are
not likely to be consistently rewarded in one of the most efficient capital markets in the world. To be
sure, there will be some expensive high-quality companies that still outperform the market.
However, many such stocks will disappoint, even with good results, because their shares were
pricing in an even better outcome.
Don’t believe me? Just ask Warren Buffett. He held on to Coca-Cola (KO) for the last quarter century
despite being on the record that its stock was expensive. The result? He would have done way
better in an index fund over that period – and 25 years is a long time.
What you should do instead: Understand what expectations are priced into a stock and why you
believe the company will do even better.
11. Ignoring Management Incentives
I used to think that management incentives drive behavior. Perhaps to a degree they do.
However, in my 25 years of professional investing experience I realized that how management
chooses to pay themselves is more of a reflection of their ethics and motivations than a driver of
behavior.
6
Silver Ring V alue Partners Limited Partnership • One Boston Place, Suite 2600, Boston, MA 02108 • www.silverringvaluepartners.com
If you see a management team paying themselves richly for poor performance, there is a good
chance the company you are considering is being managed by people who are just trying to transfer
some of shareholders’ wealth into their own pockets. That’s not someone whom you should do
business with.
What you should do instead: Read the executive compensation section of the proxy statement
carefully. If management can make a lot of money without a lot of value being created for
shareholders, consider moving on.
12. Only Paying Attention to the Income Statement
Almost everyone starts with the Income Statement. That’s mostly what managements and Wall
Street analysts talk about. What will EPS be next quarter or next year? Did revenues surprise to the
upside?
Yes, the Income Statement is important. However, if you don’t analyze it in conjunction with the
Balance Sheet and the Cash Flow Statement you are potentially making a big mistake. Not only will
looking at all three statements in combination help you spot some frauds, but you will have a much
more holistic understanding of the company.
What you should do instead: Treat all three financial statements as part of a greater whole and
study them together.
Conclusion
If some of these investing mistakes seem to be opposites of each other, that’s not an oversight.
Investing is hard. To be a good investor you have to navigate many, sometimes opposing, pitfalls. I
hope that studying the above list of investing mistakes helps you make fewer of your own.
7
Silver Ring V alue Partners Limited Partnership • One Boston Place, Suite 2600, Boston, MA 02108 • www.silverringvaluepartners.com
Conclusion
With our Annual Meeting just last month, I have kept this letter shorter than usual. I am enclosing
the presentation from the meeting, as well as the replay information, in case you missed it.
I am excited about the investing process and how I am applying it in a challenging investing
environment. I can’t tell you what will happen next in the markets or how our investments will be
priced in the short-term. What I can tell you is that I believe the investing process I am using to
steward our capital has grown stronger over last few years, and I believe it will serve us well
whatever may come.
I appreciate your trust and support. If I can answer any questions, please don’t hesitate to reach
out.
Thank you in advance,
Gary Mishuris, CFA
Managing Partner, Chief Investment Officer
Silver Ring Value Partners Limited Partnership
8
Silver Ring V alue Partners Limited Partnership • One Boston Place, Suite 2600, Boston, MA 02108 • www.silverringvaluepartners.com
IMPORTANT DISCLOSURE AND DISCLAIMERS
The information contained herein is confidential and is intended solely for the person to whom it has
been delivered. It is not to be reproduced, used, distributed or disclosed, in whole or in part, to third
parties without the prior written consent of Sil ver Ring Value Partners Limited Partnership (“SRVP”).
The information contained herein is provided solely for informational and discussion purposes only
and is not, and may not be relied on in any manner as legal, tax or investment advice or as an offer
to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy an interest in any fund or vehicle managed or advised by
SRVP or its affiliates. The information contained herein is not investment advice or a recommendation
to buy or sell any specific security.
The views expressed herein are the opinions and projections of SRVP as of December 9
th, 2025, and
are subject to change based on market and other conditions. SRVP does not represent that any
opinion or projection will be realized. The information presented herein, including, but not limited to,
SRVP’s investment views, returns or performance, investment strategies, market opportunity,
portfolio construction, expectations and positions may involve SRVP’s views, estimates, assumptions,
facts and information from other sources that are believed to be accurate and reliable as of the date
this informat ion is presented — any of which may change without notice. SRVP has no obligation
(express or implied) to update any or all of the information contained herein or to advise you of any
changes; nor does SRVP make any express or implied warranties or represent ations as to the
completeness or accuracy or accept responsibility for errors. The information presented is for
illustrative purposes only and does not constitute an exhaustive explanation of the investment
process, investment strategies or risk management.
The analyses and conclusions of SRVP contained in this information include certain statements,
assumptions, estimates and projections that reflect various assumptions by SRVP and anticipated
results that are inherently subject to significant economic, comp etitive, and other uncertainties and
contingencies and have been included solely for illustrative purposes.
As with any investment strategy, there is potential for profit as well as the possibility of loss.  SRVP
does not guarantee any minimum level of investment performance or the success of any portfolio or
investment strategy. All investments involve risk and  investment recommendations will not always
be profitable. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.  Investment returns and principal
values of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor's investment may be worth more or less
than its original value.