New York London  Palm Beach
4Q25 Quarterly Letter
January 8, 2026
Dear Partners:
In Samuel Be ckett’s Waiting for Godot , two lovable losers pass time waiting for a savior they hope  will
show them a better life.  They’re so optimistic about what Godot will bring that there’s no limit to how
much time they’ll invest.  The 1989 slacker movie Bill & Ted’s Excellent Adventure is as culturally removed
from Beckett as possible, starring eponymous high schoolers traveling through time to complete a history
paper. The personal stakes are high— failure to act means military school and the end of their rock band—
but unbeknownst to them, the stakes for humanity are higher, as the band’s music will be  necessary to
usher in a utopian age.  You might be surprised to learn that there is currently on Broadway a rendition of
Waiting for Godot starring the original leads from Bill & Ted’s.  It has played to good reviews.  The irony
of combining the two stories is that to Beckett, the act of waiting is the tragedy because it’s stagnant. In
Bill & Ted, the “waiting” is a joyful race to learn enough to keep the future intact.  It makes us think about
our own painful wait for the promise of Artificial General Intelligence (AGI).
“Mere” artificial intelligence (AI) is, of course, already transforming our lives.  It’s the driving force behind
the US economy and is changing how we research, write, and (vibe)code.  Yet a ll anyone cares about is
what comes next.  Klarna thought it was “there” when it replaced all its customer service representatives
with bots.  O nly to bring many of the humans back when AI failed to deliver.  The Wall Street Journal
handed management of its office vending machine to Clau de.  It ordered wine and PlayStations and
eventually dropped all prices to zero before it was unceremoniously unplugged.  All disappointments of
AI while we wait for AGI.  Yet imagine back to the 1850s.  The first group of Americans is riding the
transcontinental railroad from New York to Chicago.  They’re marveling at the speed and convenience as
they zip past horse drawn carriages.  Do you think they were all just really thinking about how much better
it would be if the train went to California?  Or if it  were faster? Similarly, the early days of the internet
were heady times.  There was real excitement about checking the weather on your desktop or emailing a
friend even as dreams of the future were feverishly mined.  With AI, however, no one is content to enjoy
waiting.  The investment is just too enormous for us not to end up with something much (much) better
than what we have now.  The narrative in markets this quarter was thus squarely on the questions of how
long we’ll need to wait in this awful purgatory of AI, what we do while we wait, what it might cost to make
it to the productivity utopia of AGI, and which companies or tech ecosystems stand best positioned to
succeed.  For the quarter, the S&P 500 was +2.6% (+17.8% YTD), the High Yield (HY) index +0.7% (+7.8%
YTD), and the IG index +0.8% (+7.8% YTD).  IG and HY spreads widened 3bps (-3bps YTD) and 1bps (-11bps
2
YTD) respectively. The Diameter Master Fund (DMF) returned +0.3% net (+8.0% YTD) with average net
exposure of 45%. Diameter Dislocation Fund (DDF) III Base, which is long only and 20% drawn, returned -
5.0% in the quarter (+9.0% ITD).  DMF and DDF III’s unsatisfactory performance this quarter was mostly
attributable to First Brands  and Eye Care Partners , on which we’ll have much to say below.  DDF II and
DDF I are both in harvest and have returned 60% and 110% of paid-in-capital, respectively.
We’ve talked a lot about AI in our recent letters.  Today we’ll focus more on some of the mistakes we
made in distressed while looking ahead to the investment themes for 2026 that emerged from our
December research offsite.  We’d be remiss, however, not to at least fill you in on how we participated in
the AI SuperDuperMicrocycle  this past quarter.  We made a large investment in the debt of Beignet
Investor LLC, a JV between Meta and third -party investors. Meta wanted to finance an AI data center in
Louisiana without levering its pristine balance sheet .  I nvestors demanded a corporate backstop. The
compromise is a structure that requires Meta to “make whole” the $27 billion of bonds if it ever abandons
the project. For the complexity and illiquidity, Meta offered a spread roughly 150 bps wide of its
equivalent-duration bonds . DMF was the only hedge fund with a large allocation, thanks to our
relationships with the bank, the largest mutual fund lender, and Meta’s AI team.  The bonds rallied eight
bond points on issuance (45 bps of spread on ~20-year WAL). We still hold a sizable position in the debt
that offers attractive absolute and relative value.
Our investment in Beignet was about earning excess spread for IG risk.  Not every hyperscaler has that
type of balance sheet  to leverage (or protect) .  We’ve previously written on our investment in the xA I
corporate debt, backed by the colossus data centers Colossus I & II, the Grok LLM, and some GPUs.  We
like the debt for its 12.5% coupon .  To lower its cost of capital, xAI found a party willing to take GPU
residual risk.   That wasn’t for us.  But this is America, which means they then tranched the investment,
with a senior layer that amortizes over the life of the GPU lease while retaining a first claim to the chips.
We make 10% at the top which we think is good risk.
The drumbeat of AI deals was constant in the quarter.  We like the ones that are hyperscaler backed and
guaranteed with contracts that exceed the debt service period.  We don’t think it’s wise to take the highly
speculative gamble of GPU residual risk for a fixed debt return.  We’ve had these principles in mind for
most of the last two years.  Yet it’s also important to note that the AI credit cycle evolved last quarter.
First the sheer diversity of deals.  There are full GPU residual deals and those where you only take part of
the long-term risk.  A way from just chip  financing, we’ve seen construction loans that are hyperscaler
backed from the outset and those where the guarantee only comes once the building is ready for racks.
There are others that involve a hyperscaler, but only partially guaranteed, and still others that are built
on speculation with a whisper of an eventual hyperscaler tenant.  Some are tranched and ot hers have
contractual amortization for all or part of the life of the loan.  Getting the details right is crucial, especially
given the pace of transactions.
3
It's also no longer sufficient to just gain comfort with the presence of a hyperscaler.  Google , Meta,
Microsoft, and Amazon are still the gold standard for guarantees.  Investors are rightfully less sure about
the ne oclouds, which serve as downstream  debt arbs for hyperscalers  and, increasingly,  for less well
capitalized players.  Oracle spent time on both sides of the divide.  I n October, it was a darling, getting
credit for its “remaining performance obligations” with OpenAI.  By Christmas those same obligations
were millstones, contributing to ballooning credit spreads . Much of this critical discernment was a
symptom of the widening debate around the differences between the Google (TPUs) and Nvidia (GPUs)
ecosystems.  Only Google, with its TPU chip, realized significant  scaling gains in 2025.  The N vidia team
was caught for much of the year in a wait for the new Blackwell chip, which had impatient investors
wondering if OpenAI, Anthropic, xAI, and Meta would be able to replicate Google’s feats. By the end of
2026, we’ll know whether scaling laws will hold across technologies.  OpenAI and Oracle, in particular, will
shift in the wind until ChatGPT can release a version that hunts with Gemini 3.
But as we covered at our offsite, the funding won’t wait.  After $90 billion of AI related IG issuance in the
fourth quarter, we expect at least $50 billion more in the first three months of the year.  This will take AI
related exposure to 15% of the IG index, larger than banks .  That’s only IG.  OpenAI, xAI, and Anthropic
will need to fund themselves.  That’s p artially why OpenAI  built a spider’s we b of relationships to
effectively borrow IG balance sheets from Oracle and Nvidia.  They  can’t stop there.  We model that
OpenAI needs to raise ~$600 billion between now and 2029.  The y’ll look for capital in any crevice that
works, from commercial real estate, to asset backed finance, to special sits.  The flavors will metastasize
4
again from the multiple different structures we considered and invested in last year.  We’ve been saying
for nearly two years that as AI advances the path won’t be linear and that winners and losers will emerge
along the way.  That started in 4Q25.  The next year promises more dispersion amidst massive issuance.
Our AI-fueled investment in the equity and debt securities of EchoStar was our best performer for the
second straight quarter.  We gave the full saga in our last letter.  In brief, EchoStar hoarded vast amounts
of wireless spectrum.  The market was valuing the company below its spectrum value because the network
buildout expenses to put the spectrum to work were considered an unfunded liability.  Our view was that
EchoStar’s spectrum would become critical to the inference phase of AI and be coveted by spectrum
hungry wireless carriers.  With a nudge from the Trump Administration, EchoStar moved from builder to
seller, realizing great sums for its spectrum.  In one of the deals, EchoStar took back $11 billion in SpaceX
stock priced at a $400 billion valuation.  The EchoStar stock was a beneficiary when rumors surfaced this
past quarter about SpaceX valuations of between $800 billion -$1.5 trillion.  EchoStar  remains a large
position for us, trading well below the sum of its (mostly cash) parts.
The quarter also saw one of the periodic “consumer recession” scares that have roiled markets repeatedly
since COVID.  We’ve done well seeing through them.  The reason we reflexively doubt abrupt accounts of
consumer demise is that spending this cycle has been financed mostly by income rather than debt.  Every
time the howling begins about sudden slowdowns in consumer spending we turn to the first der ivative,
income, which if intact, usually means the anecdote spreaders are either management teams looking for
excuses or hedge funds desperate for volatility.
The chart below shows household spending (green) against two calculations of income: total disposable
income, including government transfers (purple) , and income from wage compensation (blue).  We’ve
annotated the green line with the last few instances of market recession (RECESSION!) fears, which came
in summer 2024, Feb-March 2025 (right before Liberation Day), and again this past quarter.  Before each
of these episodes you can see that the green line, consumption, had begun to outpace the two income
lines.  Consumers this cycle, however, have largely shunned living above their means for too long, which
has meant an eventual reversion of the spending path (green moves back down below purple and blue).
These reversions have been our recession scares .  They’re rarely long lived as income growth spurs new
spending.
5
So the real question is whether income growth will continue.  W hich is another way to ask about jobs.
And here there are some concerns , especially compared to previous periods in this (income) cycle .  We
laid out a framework for thinking about labor in a letter earlier this year.  Since COVID, the
disproportionate share in job gains have come from education, healthcare, and government.  As those
industries got far above pre-2020 trend, however, it was unrealistic to assume they could keep growing.
Other industries, still well below trend, like business services, need to take the handoff for the labor
market to keep growing.  That hasn’t happened.  The chart below is one we love and that would also get
us fired if we were publishing analysts at a bank.  Each color represents the number of monthly jobs
created by a given sector .  The hot purple in the middle that contributes handsomely throughout is
healthcare.  The light blue above it is leisure  & hospitality.  The yellow line is government and the dark
blue and black lines at the bottom are construction and manufacturing respectively.  All the way to the
right, you can see that the anemic total job creation at present is supported by precious few colors, chiefly
healthcare and leisure.  Construction (dark blue) , which mysteriously disappeared over the summer , is
now back and was probably mistakenly understated earlier in the year.  Nearly everything else is
negligible.  If the trend sustains it portends poorly for income growth and perhaps spending.
6
Or does it?  Claims have remained muted, which means the labor weakness post-Liberation Day could be
short-lived.  Moreover, as the labor market decelerated last year it didn’t dent the pace of aggregate
income or GDP.  Some of that had to do with investment in AI, but it’s also about a surge in productivity
that predates ChatGPT.  Look at the above chart again at the green line in the bottom middle.  It’s business
services, which used to be a major engine of job creation.  It now has nearly entirely disappeared along
with manufacturing (black).  Productivity gains have squashed the need for hires.  The period after the
GFC offered historically low productivity gains as healing of  balance sheets bested investment and
innovation.  We’ve now had a recovery while most sectors are still waiting for the Godot of an AI-induced
productivity boom.  Once AI start s working closer to 100%, which means agentic capabilities that can
adapt to real world deviations,  then presumably the productivity trends will reinforce.   This past year
gave us a glimpse into that future.
Another thing we saw in 2025 is that productivity can narrow the distribution of economic gains.  The
graph below shows income growth by quartile.  Dark blue is the lowest earners.  You can see that they did
comparatively poorly after the financial crisis.  Starting in the early Trump years they surged and truly took
off during the pandemic.  This year, however, low -income wage growth was the worst amongst the
quartiles.  It’s still at a high absolute level.  But with sticky inflation it means more parlous real earnings.
In the early aughts, promises to retrain workers displaced by globalization went nowhere. The result was
populism across the west. If 2025 is any guide, then we ain’t seen nothing yet.
7
Before the impact of uneven productivity gains will be felt on the streets, it will show up in opportunities
in distressed debt.  We ’re already observing this trend in sectors like packagin g and food , which face
headwinds from GLP-1s, shifting consumer tastes, and low-income wage stagnation.  We’re excited about
this future opportunity set.  W e also recognize the need to refine our underwriting and position -sizing
processes in distressed . D espite the success of EchoStar, originally a distressed investment , and the
continued profitable realization of FTX, we had a bad year and a disastrous fourth quarter in distressed
debt investing.
You’ve heard us for years describe distressed as an episodic, non-asset class. It should only be approached
during economy-wide disruptions like recessions, which have become fast and rare, or during industry
microcycles, which have provided most of the opportunity over the last 15 years. The key in microcycles
is identifying which stressed or distressed companies within a disrupted industry will emerge as winners
once the cycle troughs. In retail and energy last decade, for example, we focused on companies  with
prospects outside the mall and with excellent rock, respectively. As industries move through microcycles,
often driven by technological change or policy volatility, the gyrations can expose weak management
teams. Such companies can materially underperform peers, particularly when overlevered, creating
opportunity both from improving industry conditions and from new leadership. That same theme of poor
management also gives rise to one -off distressed situations where a co mpany in a good industry is so
mismanaged, or even defrauded, that relatively small fixes can return it to a more profitable trajectory.
This approach of investing in mismanaged distressed companies failed us  consistently this year, first  in
older positions like Cano and Rite Aid, which were written down, and then in the fourth quarter in EyeCare
8
Partners (EYEPAR) a PE-backed rollup of optometry and ophthalmology practices.  EYEPAR did a poor job
integrating acquisitions; the cardinal sin of a rollup.  This failure left its 2021-vintage capital structure non-
refinanceable. We helped lead an LME in 2024 that injected new capital, elevated our debt, and tightened
documentation. As the cost structure improved , we believed the positive industry trends would lift
margins from below five percent toward the 10 % earned by peers. With profitability restored,  the
company could again benefit from the high multiples afforded steady healthcare growers. This thesis
began to show traction in 4Q24, when earnings and the 2025 budget took the debt from the 60s, where
we bought, into the low 80s. We hoped to sell in the high 80s and held. That was a mistake.
The first hit was 1Q25 results.  The improved cost story persisted .  R evenue, unfortunately,  was a
surprisingly significant miss. Regeneron and other drug manufacturers  had halted a program  to help
Medicare patients with large co-pays on branded retina drugs. It was known heading into 2025 that these
programs were ending. Yet management materially underestimated the impact as patients shifted to less
profitable generics. Management also failed to accurately predict physician vacation schedules at the
same time as churn was rising across its 900 plus doctors. What had been a cost recovery story now had
revenue in question, and the debt traded back into the 60s. We added to our position, encouraged by the
sponsor’s replacement of the underperforming CFO. However, third quarter results, while stable on
revenue, remained underwhelming, and the cost momentum stalled. The debt ended the year in the low
40s. We have stopped adding and believe the company will struggle to refinance in 2027. We expect
delevering asset sales this year and remain invested because the debt feels too cheap to sell. It’s  a
powerful reminder to avoid situations that have been so poorly managed.
Unfortunately, we had not yet fully absorbed these lessons when we encountered First Brands (FB), which
began as a major win and ended as the worst loss of our careers. FB is an aftermarket auto supplier built
from more than a dozen acquisitions over a decade. It manufactures products globally, ranging from
brakes and wipers to lighting. Acquisitions were financed with debt, which the company was able to raise
repeatedly due to a track record of margin improvement. In 2024, FB  reported $5 billion of revenue and
$1.2 billion of EBITDA against $ 6 billion of syndicated loans and a complex web of receivables and
inventory financing. The business was tightly controlled by its secretive founder, Patrick James, who had
prior run-ins with creditors before eventually “succeeding” with FB.
When we started going through the FB syndicated loan in 2024 we didn’t like what we saw.  R eported
margins were unrealistic compared with  peers, and cash flow reconciliation to EBITDA fell well short of
adjusted figures. We had particular trouble reconciling footnotes about the factoring of receivables and
pledging of inventory with the audited financial statements , which smelled of fraud.  We doubted the
company could refinance.
We should pause to note that we rarely short loans. There’s no true borrow in the loan market, settlement
takes one to three months, and there’s a constant need to trade the position if held for the long -term.
More importantly, across our funds we aim to be solution providers to issuers , even in tricky situations .
Fraud, however, is an exception. With FB , we believed the refinancing attempt in 2025 would surface
fraud rumors quickly, limiting how long we ’d need to hold the short. We also don’t feel compelled to
support fraudsters. Accordingly, in mid- 2024 we initiated a short in the senior secured loan  in the high
90s.
9
And then it worked.  Really worked.  As the company tried to refinance , indications of accounting fraud
became more evident, making it hard for the company to renew any of its working capital lines.  FB
collapsed into bankruptcy in September.  We covered the last of the short in the high 40 s as things
worsened and remained tightlipped when the press reported on our short (we reiterate that if you’re not
a fraud, then you shouldn’t worry that we’ll short your loans.  If you ’re committing fraud, then caveat
emptor).  Once the company landed in bankruptcy, its advisors needed to raise over $1 billion in debtor-
in-possession (DIP) financing.  We had by that time tracked down the comprehensive information memos
(CIMs) for all of FB’s acquisitions since 2018.  This allowed us to aggregate a revenue number for these
previously standalone companies of $4.7 billion, or ~90% of the total revenue reported by the company.
It was e xternal confirmation that revenue had been “real.”  We then compared the profitability of FB’s
businesses, before and after acquisition, to other companies with similar products.   We concluded that
FB’s average EBITDA margins were likely 13-15%. While a far cry from the reported low-20s, it still meant
$600-800 million in “real” EBITDA.  We also spoke to former employees and competitors and were able
to piece together that several of FB’s businesses benefited from favorable end market trends and
attractive market structures.  The segments could fetch attractive multiples in a n orderly sale.  We also
went deep into the reported financials to reconcile cash flows from operations to earnings.  We thought
it demonstrate d EBITDA in the many hundreds of millions. In short, we saw a company that had
fraudulently factored the same inflated receivables to different parties while striking multiple secured
financings on the same set of inventories.  As long as  the revenues were mostly real, of which we liked
our chances on close to $5 billion, the business would have value on the other side of the fraud.
Accordingly, as the incumbent lenders were panicking at the onset of the bankruptcy , we bought ~$100
million of the senior secured bank loan in the low 30s that gave us the partial right to purchase over $100
million of the new DIP A at 95, earning 20%+. The company needed to eventually be worth $2-2.5 billion
to cover the DIP A and just under $4 billion to pay back our basis in the pre-petition loan, which had been
rolled up into a DIP B.  Given our triangulated estimate that FB was earning approximately $700 million in
“real” EBITDA, we thought valuation was compelling below $ 4 billion (5 .5x).  We joined the steering
committee for the ad hoc group and hunkered down for what we hoped would be a profitable case.  A
mere three months later, and the letters F-B haunt us every time we close our eyes.
Almost immediately in bankruptcy the company was having trouble fulfilling customer demand for
product.  This “fill rate” in North America, which should be at 90%, was coming in at ~60% of orders.  When
a company that had been strapped for cash files for bankruptcy, the DIP commitment usually allows it to
reset supplier relations and grow its payables.  As a fraud, however, FB saw much of its management team
pick up and leave.  The restructuring consultants who stepped in made the fateful decision not to pay
many of the pre -petition suppliers.  We didn’t fully appreciate this dynamic at the time.  T he fill rate
shortfalls so concerned us, however, that in mid-November we decided to swap half of our exposure from
the DIP B to the “safer” DIP A.  Moving up in the capital structure was designed to protect us should the
fill rate issues lead to an earlier need for capital, which would further subordinate the DIP B.  We got out
of half our DIP B exposure at what were then good prices.  Unfortunately, switching from DIP B to A in the
name of safety turned out to be just as illusory as seeking relief in AAA CDO squareds that were entirely
composed of (worthless) BBB RMBS.  In a skydiving accident, it’s the helmet wearing the person.
10
We’re now on the private steering committee and subject to NDA, meaning we can’t be as fully
transparent as we’d like (we are very appreciative that our letters have stopped leaking the last few
quarters.  Let’s keep the streak alive!).   FB  will need more capital in early 2026 to pay the payables it
should’ve budgeted for in the beginning and fund operating shortfall.   There are almost two parallel
universes from here.  In one, the case becomes more regular.  The new numbers are “real” and the new
money need knowable.  Or, as can happen in frauds, more and bigger shoes keep dropping.  You’ve now
had a pre-petition term loan and then a DIP collapse from near par to zero and mid-20s respectively in a
matter of months.  Certainty will be hard to come by  as will large checks.  We sold all of our DIP B and
2/3s of our DIP A at prices materially above current, yet it cost DMF 123 bps and DDF III 96 bps (on
NAV+Undrawn) in the fourth quarter.
We’ve thoroughly reviewed, and continue to assess, what went right and then horribly wrong in FB.  There
are few exercises more satisfying than turning a successful  short into a profitable long.  We had a head
start on others because of our work on  the short.  As the debt collapsed , we were too confident in that
advantage and too excited about reversing the trade and thus moved too quickly to buy the loan at its
pre-petition lows.  We thought that our work reconciling the revenues from acquired businesses from
external sources demonstrated ~$5 billion in “real” sales.  We now think that once FB acquired a company
it would offer significant discounts to customers in return for working capital allowances.  This helped it
feed the merry-go-round of receivables fraud that it needed to make payroll each week.  The CEO would
then feed fake inflated sales numbers into the company’s ledgers, which fooled the auditors and also our
advisors, who were confident in the revenue numbers when we funded the DIP A.  The result was a
company with far lower revenues than what it had acquired .  We wonder now if EBITDA, after the
discounts, was even positive .  A  bankruptcy shines unforgiving sunlight on a company. When the
proximate cause of a filing is fraud , it probably makes sense to miss the initial trades and allow the rays
to work as disinfectant.
We also made the wrong choice once we saw the fill rate problems.  We did  many calls with customers
and suppliers and still couldn’t fully explain why the company was struggling so mightily to source
materials.  Our discomfort led us to reduce DIP B in return for DIP A.  In a fraud, if something seems off,
you should just get out.  Finally, we bought the DIP A because we liked the yield relative to the LTV.  We
do this a lot with senior risk in restructurings.  The company only needed to be worth ~$2 -2.5 billion to
cover the DIP A, and we thought it was worth $3.5 -5 billion.  A fraud is not the right type of situation to
size senior risk since you can never truly be sure of your margin of safety.  We will continue to share our
lessons learned from this debacle as the case plays out.
One of the things we want to focus on more closely going forward in distressed is whether management
is up to the task of the turnaround.  We’ve gotten that wrong a few times recently , as just discussed .
Which makes it ironic that one of the more profitable distressed names in the quarter for DMF and DDF II
was Signature Bank, the bankrupt institution being managed by the federal government.  Don’t worry free
marketeers, the government outsourced management of the bank’s assets to three private managers .
They’ve done a good job, which has enabled faster payback of the government debt.  More importantly,
at the end of the quarter the FDIC clarified that our bonds are senior to interest earned on the
11
government’s claim.  Together, the two pieces of n ews sent the bonds from the 50s to  the 70s with
potential final claims at 125+.
We also had good news in the quarter relating to  DMF and DDF II’s distressed position in the AT1s of
Credit Suisse.  When the Swiss government arranged the sho tgun marriage between Credit Suisse and
UBS over a hectic weekend in March 2023 it made the highly unusual decision to zero out the Credit Suisse
AT1s while providing compensation to the more junior equity. We bought the AT1s between three and 10
cents, after the seizure, and then joined with other a ggrieved parties suing the Swiss government.  This
quarter, a Swiss lower court found for similarly situated plaintiffs, creating the possibility that our bonds
could be reinstated or repaid.  The bonds went to the 30s.  The case is now pending before the Swiss
Supreme Court, and we think the bonds have significant additional potential.
We also see upside in some of our other distressed losers.  We ’ve been early to the housing velocity
recovery trade, which we’ve talked about as a new microcycle, and that cost us in the debt of Springs, the
stressed supplier of window treatments.  We really like the market structure in blinds and think the new
management team is poised to abate share loss suffered on a bad rollout of new product.  You better
believe we’re stress testing this last assumption.  We also got dinged in the debt of US cable oper ator
Altice USA and its foreign cousin, Altice International.  Both are controlled by Patrick Drahi who is moving
assets around to try and effectuate liability management transac tions.  We like our positioning in both
situations and think they’ll be active opportunities in 2026.
Which is a good segue to what we think is in store for the year just started.  We expect another year of
heavy M&A. The urgency might even increase as CEOs reckon with the possibility that we could be one
year closer to Lina Khan back at the FTC (as if we’re going to have real elections in 2028…).  We had a nice
M&A win in the fourth quarter when Enviro Solutions, an environmental solutions provider, sold its main
business at a nice price.  We were also  long DigitalBridge in the fourth quarter, before its announced
acquisition by Softbank, and had a winner in Warner Brothers.  We hope to find more M&A trades in 2026.
One of our offsite presentations highlighted the M&A surge to come in large cap pharmaceuticals from
an unprecedented roll off of drug exclusivity.  We expect this general rush of M&A to be funded by IG,
which together with AI could up push others needing capital into private or alternative markets.   We’ve
all spent our careers watching every supposed leveraged finance maturity wall evaporate into dust.  The
coming wall, mostly from PE -sponsored companies with capital structures designed for lower rates, will
be no different.  Instead of defaults we’ll get more “capital solutions.”  This quarter DMF and DDF III helped
two over levered trucking parts companies consummate a merger by providing senior debt and preferred
that came at 98 with a 14.5% coupon and three percent of the common equity.  Realizing the synergies is
the only way for the PE sponsors to delever the businesses, and we like where we sit in the structure.  We
also closed a preferred deal with a PE -backed company in the live event media services that used our
capital to reduce its secured leverage.  DDF III partnered with a different PE shop and the pref has both a
high teens coupon and a mechanism  for the equity to seamlessly transfer from the sponsor to us.  We
also, in DMF, earned a low-teens return in a large deal for Liberty Media’s Puerto Rican entity that was
backed by assets stripped from creditors .  The sponsor was able to get its creditors to the table.  As we
said, capital solutions.
12
We think we are only at the tip of the iceberg for capital solutions, particularly for zombified PE-backed
companies.  The structures come in many flavors, from true rescues with warrants, to stripped collateral,
to prefs and hybrid equity.  The common denominator is helping the current owner prolong runway.
Given our broad industry focus, integrated direct lending and CLO business es, and hedge fund that
assesses nearly every deal in public markets, we believe we have edge in sourcing and underwriting these
complicated opportunities. We expect capital solutions to be a major theme in the years ahead.
Our research offsite in December was aimed at identifying investable ideas for the coming year.  As a
reminder, our analysts are industry experts.  It’s the only way to be fast and smart.  The unintended
consequence of following a sector closely, however, is capture by industry consensus.  The idea of the
offsite is for each analyst to use primary data to test consensus and develop unique views.
We always spend a lot of time on healthcare at our offsites given the industry’s consistent pairing of policy
volatility and heavy debt loads. Last year, we focused on the unusual level of uncertainty as the new
administration emphasized cost cuts (remember DOGE?). The one certainty we highlighted was that the
Affordable Care Act (ACA) enhanced insurance subsidies were set to expire at the end of 2025 .  Heading
into 2026, the key question is now whether those subsidies will be extended. The implications are
significant. The US uninsured population sits near historic lows, but that will change if subsidies roll off
and individuals are forced to choose between premium increases of 70 to 85 % or dropping coverage
altogether. And this may only be the first wave of healthcare affordability challenges.
Last year, commercial insurance costs borne by employers rose roughly 7%, driven by specialty oncology
drugs, GLP-1s, and persistently elevated post -COVID utilization. We think it’s likely employers will begin
passing more of these increases on to employees. In that scenario, those losing ACA subsidies may simply
be first in line to absorb rising healthcare inflation. All of this is negative for hospitals, which have
performed well re cently in both equity and credit markets. We’re more cautious in a year wh ere
consumers may be forced into unusually difficult tradeoffs.
13
We had success in the fourth quarter in shorts of global chemicals compan ies bedeviled not so much by
sudden drops in demand (RECESSION!) than by the evolution of supply.  Our offsite made us even more
negative.  The problem is China , which seems determined to add capacity up and down the chemical s
chain.  By 2030, you could shut all the ethylene and propylene capacity in Europe and Japan and still have
more excess than we have today.
The victims won’t only be Western producers of base petrochemicals like olefins and aromatics.  T he
Chinese are moving up the tech stack as they add capacity to commoditize what is today considered
specialty.  A whole host of western chemicals factories will soon lie as dormant.  We think this is already
starting to happen in Ti O2 (paint coatings) , resins, and advanced polymers .  It’s coming for adhesives,
sealants, and water treatment.  On the opposite end, Chinese planners seem to be ignoring chemicals for
food ingredients.  We have shorts in the most impacted names and believe that 2026 will be a watershed
inflection for chemicals.
When it comes to overcapacity there are few sectors with a more well -known problem than liquified
natural gas (LNG), which will see a rush of new projects come online between 2027 and 2030.  The
question at our offsite was how the price of global gas would  adjust to stimulate new demand.  This will
be tested in 2026, ahead of the capacity, as the warm start to winter in Europe reduces the urgency to
rebuild inventory this summer.  Gas pricing markets are thus already looking to the Winter 2027 glut.  To
truly spur switching from other fuel sources, global gas prices need to get below $7 from $9 currently.  We
have a secured convertible investment in Delfin, an LNG developer with a permit and firm offtake
contracts for LNG vessels in Louisiana.  We like the l ow-cost assets Delfin constructs and its contracted
cash flows.  Other LNG companies, however, have a portion of EBITDA exposed to commodity prices.  As
the “LNG Winter” dawns, now slightly earlier than anticipated, security prices in the industry will continue
to come under pressure.  This could create opportunities  to step in and buy long- lived crucial
infrastructure projects cheaply.  We’ll be ready.
One complicating factor for LNG is that US natural gas prices, which are an input cost to US LNG, are poised
to remain firm given the strong demand for power from AI datacenters.  We covered the AI-power theme
in our last letter and did a session at the offsite.  Despite the unprecedented activity in datacenter
construction, there are still many aspirational announcements for datacenters that will never get past the
press release.   Of the 140 GW projects we track, we think about 90 GW get built over the next five years,
14
40% of which are in the PJM region spanning Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Maryland, Ohio, and Virginia.
There’s already been a lot of datacenter activity there, mostly from independent power producers like
Talen.  Our matching of projects with regulated footprints makes us think that utilities like AEP might be
future beneficiaries of an enhanced rate base, while NiSource and PPL could win with their ringfenced
deregulated GenCos.  More fundamentally, however, PJM’s early projects have been largely connected to
the grid.  It’s no surprise that power prices are surging.  Yet they’re not rising enough to incentivize new
power commitments.  This imperils the sustainability of PJM’s capacity market as higher prices without
new supply is a lose-lose for consumers.  The future in all regions will be “behind -the-meter” where the
datacenter brings its own power source that exists independently of the grid. This will allow for more
innovation than the grid permits. The winners will be equipment providers and those with b attery,
turbine, fuel cell, and storage solutions to maximize power generation at the lowest cost.  We have one
high yielding investment in a behind -the-meter beneficiary and will look for more as the power cycle
evolves.
Consumers, of course, are the ones most at risk from AI power price shocks.  And we had five different
sessions at our offsite touching on the health of the consumer.  In Europe, the consumer remains resilient,
which in continental terms, outside of Spain,  means eking out something around 1%  real growth.  We
think many of the consumer goods companies in Europe , especially those facing structural volume
headwinds like alcohol and snacks, were overly reliant on price during the 2022-25 inflationary period.
We worry that the jig is up  and have found a few shorts.  European luxury is emerging from a cyclical
COVID-echo trough.  The flagship brands have sustained for decades.  Yet many of the traditional houses
are going through creative resets at a time when old strategies are waning.  The increasing importance of
the aspirational customer and growth in the resale channel creates  both perils and opportunities.  Most
of the investments in luxury are in equities, but there are a few LBOs, such as Breitling, that we’re watching
closely.
The US consumer got most of our attention, with the low-income varietal back to its struggling baseline.
Low-income shoppers are overweight food, packaged goods, and clothing.  We think those areas will be
soft again in 2026 .  The top -30% of earners, by contrast, are 50% of spending and they ’re
underrepresented in healthcare and non-discretionary which they compensate for in services and durable
goods.  At the offsite, the team tracked through multiple data sets to find spending categories that are
below trendline and have become less elastic for the rich.   The best examples are home & garden and
furniture.  The worst are pets, air travel, and small household appliances.
15
We think this can be something of a roadmap for longs and shorts throughout the year, especially as
income for wealthier Americans continues to outstrip spending.
We also delved into asset-backed-finance (ABF) which now includes everything from unsecured consumer
loans to aircraft  and equipment finance, small business loans, and even Buy -Now-Pay-Later (BNPL) for
Botox.   Insurers have been selling record numbers of annuities to aging Americans.  The insurers in turn
need to invest the proceeds in safe, highly rated assets.  Such assets don’t usually yield much above the
cost of the annuity.  So insurers are interested in anything that is safe and even slightly more yieldy than
regular IG.  Every basis point counts.  To satisfy this hunger, asset managers tranche up a myriad of loans
to offer insurers both safety, through structural seniority, and an additional 100 to 200 basis points of
yield. ABF is gold to insurers and has grown meteorically.
16
But what happens to the bottom of the structure?  The less safe parts that many insurers don’t want?
Here is where it’s helpful to think back to a memorable episode from the 1990s hit show Seinfeld where
two characters partner to open a highly specialized bakery selling nothing but muffin tops.  It’s the only
part of a muffin that people really like.  Yet, their venture “Top of the Muffin to You!” fails quickly.  It turns
out that muffin tops baked alone, without stumps, don’t taste the same as tops popped off of completed
muffins.  So they changed course and baked the full muffins before removing the tops.  This resolved the
taste and texture issue, but opened a new dilemma: what to do with the stumps?  No one wanted them.
The garbage dump wouldn’t take them  (they’re not trash) and a homeless shelter returned them as
inhumane food.  The venture shut because they had nowhere to put the stumps.
This search for low risk “excess” yield is the tail wagging the dog of a growing market as asset managers
scramble to offer ABF to insurers.  But just like the Seinfeld bakery, the market has a dilemma with the
stumps. Insurers don’t want the residuals; they’re too poorly rated. Originators prefer not to hold them,
as they need to recycle capital.  The result is a cottage industry of “special situation” and interval funds
designed to hold the stumps.  Many of these funds are managed by asset managers that own insurers.
Sometimes they even take the stumps and try to create new muffin tops out of them.  The taste is different
even if the rating is the same.  We’ve looked at many of these residuals, and after taking our own lumps
in solar and student loan ABS, we generally pass. These stumps can offer carry without convexity, often
with long-dated cash flows that preclude the early de -risking featured in CLO equity. While most should
work out, history suggests that exponential growth in an asset class usually invites sloppiness. We suspect
that when the first signs of trouble mount, the market may eventually refuse to take the stumps  which
could lead to both losses and the grinding halt of the ABF machine.
17
As we plan to do more ABF both in the secondary market and as an originator, we focused on our offsite
on potential areas where problems could emerge.  Non-bank lenders like Affirm, SoFi, Upstart, and Pagaya
stick out .  We’ve wondered aloud in these letters (and on podcasts ) if the explosive growth in these
products is being captured in Federal Reserve statistics that show an historically underlevered consumer.
After doing our own calculation, we think tha t BNPL and FinTech are mostly just replacing credit cards ,
particularly amongst younger consumers.
What’s more interesting is how demand for loans to feed insurers 1 is leading to wider credit boxes and
the entry of new originators with limited track records.  It’s a race to the bottom.  Consider that Pagaya
has made a business of lending to borrowers that other platforms have rejected.  T hey tout improved AI
models and internal credit risk scores, but its average debt-to-income for borrowers has moved from 22%
to 29% in three years. Annual volume has grown 6X from $1.6 billion in 2020 to over $10 billion in 2025.
And, least surprisingly, it recently announced its first dedicated off-take agreement with asset managers
so that it doesn’t need to eat its own stumps.  Good luck to whoever needs to swallow them once the
consumer shows trouble.
The other issue to consider with ABF is fraud.  There’s been a surge in what is euphemistically known as
“credit washing,” egged on by a closet industry of TikTok influencers peddling artificial ways to boost
credit scores.  Not surprisingly, credit-washed loans have performed poorly, with recent TransUnion auto
charge-off data showing meaningfully worse outcomes.
1 https://giftarticle.ft.com/giftarticle/actions/redeem/baccff25-bbb4-47fc-81c7-1b02f9b76127
18
Lenders may also be in on the fraud, most notably with subprime auto lender Tricolor.  It’s no shock that
such a pristine and white shoe corner of the financial world has offered up multiple frauds.  But our offsite
touched on how ABF in general lends itself to fraud because of how many hands touch each loan.  First
there is someone on the ground with direct relationships with the customers.  This is usually referred to
as the “lender.”  They rarely have capital, however, and the entity funding the loan might be a few steps
removed from the broker with the relationship.  Then there’s the borrower, who can lie on applications,
and, of course, the lender and borrower can work together to  “boost” the application.  According to
Transunion, 95% of instances where bad credit events are suppressed come from  lender initiated
“account maintenance” which is really about preserving the ability of the lender to make new loans to the
same weak credit.  Next you have the bundler of loans to create a securitization.  They have limited skin
in the game and huge influence on which loans get included (and if some loans get fraudulently counted
twice!).
19
Fraud can be mitigated through sound operational controls. Avoid any lenders with history of chicanery.
It can lead to too much compounding pain if there’s one bad cog in the wheel.  We wish we’d taken this
advice in Cano and FB.  Also insist that verification doesn’t just come from one source, especially the
lender.  Eschew “unique” arrangements, such as Tricolor’s vertical integration in car repair which allowed
it to show exceptional recoveries.  Shun models that use origination speed to compensate for lower rate.
In sum, the popularity of annuities has fueled a surge in insurance assets that seek even the smallest
incremental return over IG.  ABF provides a solution. Avoiding the pitfalls will be key to differentiation.
We started our media offsite by marveling at the advertising recession that wasn’t.  It’s now a $400 billion
market, up from $240 billion in 2019.  We had the opportunity this year to invest profitably in the IG bonds
of Warner Brothers and Paramount, as they went through a host of special situation exchanges and
mergers.  Yet for the most part, we’re usually confined to the $70 billion part of the advertising  market
that is in decline, from radio to TV and broadcasters.  It can be fertile ground for shorts.  This past quarter
we closed out a short in a provider of worthless ad-content at the bottom of webpages.  The bond came
at par in 2025, and we shorted it at issuance.  It ended the year in the 30s as b uggy whips have more
relevance post-AI. We think that 2026 will see connected TV — basically everything that streams — take
share from all mediums, which will pressure broadcasters.  Against that negativity is the promise of M&A
from the Trump FCC which seems poised to allow more broadcast concentration.  The Netflix -Warner-
Paramount love triangle should also continue to provide new issue and secondary opportunities in media
this year.
We always spend a lot of time at the offsite on telecom, which is a microcycle with seemingly no end.  The
latest evolution is the capitulation of the entire US wireless industry to the allure of fixed wireless (FWA).
It was 150% of broadband adoptions last year and that was before AT&T went all in.  The appeal is the
opportunity to put fallow wireless capacity to use.  The share donors are legacy copper and coaxial cable.
We think pure play cable companies remain ripe shorts.  We also think, however, that the endgame for
spectrum has to be in mostly wireless applications.  FWA subscribers consume ~30x more bandwidth than
the average wireless subscriber.  At nearly half the price.  And that’s before demand for AI consumes more
wireless bandwidth.  Our thesis is that FWA is the waystation for carriers to win subs cribers today, but
that the long -term strategy will be to house them on fiber.  Independent fiber operators, like TDS,
Consolidated, and Brightspeed need to spend the capital and demonstrate initial positive penetration in
their footprints.  The major carriers can then buy them and rely on their converged wireless+wired
offerings to boost penetration further.  The debate over FWA and its impact on cable and fiber will come
to a head this year, and we’ll be looking for opportunities if fiber becomes too cheap or cable too
expensive.
We covered a lot more at the offsite than we can write about here.  In brief, our gaming session speculated
that Las Vegas visitation suffered from consumer sticker shock on pricing. As time passes and prices grow
more slowly, consumers will adapt and the numbers on the S trip can improve.  The beaten-up Caesar’s
could be a prime beneficiary .  In aero, we’re with the consensus that the low- cost model in the US is
broken and that United and Delta should earn more than 100% of industry net income.  We think the debt
of Latin American carriers, where growth is outstripping capacity, might make for more edged
investments.  European banks equity and credit were big winners last year, a theme we missed.  They’re
20
better capitalized and earn more than their US counterparts and yet still trade at lower multiples.  Finding
a unique angle is the hard part.  It’s been easier in the diverse housing space, which we’ve spent a lot of
time writing about in these letters.  At the offsite, we studied the relationship between new and existing
home prices.  The former are now below the latter as builders got ahead of themselves in COVID migration
winners.  We think starts will be down for the year which places us below consensus.  Existing home sales
are like a coiled spring, just waiting for any relief from rates to unleash pent up demand for discretionary
moves.  The Trump Administration seems laser focused on getting mortgage rates down to spur this
activity.  Earnings expectations have capitulated which could create asymmetry on the long side.  The
office market in the US has become bifurcated between trophy properties and everything else.  Yet cash
rents are lower than they appear because of soaring tenant improvement allowances.  We think this will
show up in dividend cuts from the larger office REITs.
Our biggest mystery at the offsite was packaging.  It’s supposed to be defensive.  Yet packagers exposed
to food, beverage, and home hygiene have experienced three years of volume declines.  Changing alcohol
habits and the rise of energy drinks play some role.  So does the emergence of GLP -1s, which reduces
overall grocery spend, as does the renewed struggling of the low-income consumer.  Yet it also seems like
something bigger is going on.  Why are we selling fewer home hygiene products?  If dining at restaurants
and take out is surging at the expense of food -at-home is there really an economic component to the
slowdown?  We think the mix of secular and cyclical chan ges in how people spend is making it hard to
predict earnings.  The market expects food and beverage to bounce back this year.  We aren’t as sure.
Packaging is the only sector that has widened enough to trigger DDF III’s Contingent Fund.  We haven’t
acted because we haven’t solved the riddle quite yet.  It’s going to be an interesting year.
As always, please feel free to reach out with questions, concerns, or thoughts on how we can do better.
Sincerely,
Scott Goodwin, Managing Partner   Jonathan Lewinsohn, Managing Partner
CC: Diameter Team
This letter is confidential and may not be recirculated  to any person or entity. This letter does  not constitute an offer to sell or
the solicitation of any offer to buy interests in any Diameter fund, which may only be made to qualified investors via the applicable
fund’s confidential private placement memorandum, limited partnership agreement and subscription document. The returns
presented for Diameter Master Fund LP (“DMF”) in this letter reflect the performance of a hypothetical, new issue eligible investor
holding a Series B-5 interest in Diameter Onshore Fund L.P. The Series B-5 returns presente d herein reflect a reduction of a
management fee of 1.5%, a performance fee  of 18.5%, and other applicable fund level expenses.   The returns presented for
Diameter Dislocation Master Fund II LP (“DDF II”) in this letter reflect the performance of a hypothetical new issue eligible
investors and the reduction of a management fee of 1.5%, a performance fee of 20% and other applicable fund level expenses.
21
Numbers and performance figures are rounded, unaudited and estimated. Individual investor returns will vary from the returns
presented in this letter based on, among other things, the series to which the investor subscribed, management and performance
fees applicable to such series and the investor’s eligibility to participate in new issues. Year -to-date returns are compounded
monthly and are not annualized.  There is no assurance that Diameter’s investment objectives will be achieved or that it will be
able to avoid losses. References in this letter to indices are for illus trative purposes only. The Diameter funds may be less
diversified than the referenced indices, and the indices may reflect positions that are not within the Diameter funds’ investment
strategies. Past performance does not guarantee future results.