`
Equity Management Associates, LLC Page 1
EMA GARP Fund, LP. --- Report for the Fourth Quarter and Year ended December 31, 2025
KEY TAKEAWAYS
● What a Year for Gold and Silver
o Central Banks jumped on the Bullion accumulation train, and so did many western
investors who finally followed the BRICS nations.
● Federal Reserve Watch: Trapped
o Fed stops QT and promptly installs $40 Billion / month of QE and Treasury purchases.
● Trump Watch: Run It Hot!
o Uber Dove Fed Chair is on deck . Big Beautiful Bill and Defense  spending stimulus
projected now to increase deficits by hundreds of billions of dollars.
● Monetary Chaos: Secular Trend Change
o 10 Year US Treasury Yields are spiking higher breaking a 45-year trend of lower rates.
o Markets can smell the inflation.
● Broader Markets & Leverage
o Stock market valuations are stretched and the speculation and leverage are Extreme!
● Gold
o The ultimate form of money as it is geologically constrained and cannot be debased
o Investors have NOT missed this bull market; we are still early.  Historical norms suggest
gold could achieve $8,000-$10,000 an ounce over the next few years.
● Total Global Asset Values by Category
o Gold, Silver and Bitcoin are only around 2% of global financial assets.
o There is a lot of capital that needs to migrate into sound money assets.
● Hi Ho Silver!
o Physical demand for silver is outstripping supply massively. Silver prices are skyrocketing
as prices are being set by physical delivery markets (Asia) and no longer the paper markets
of New York (COMEX) or London (LBMA)
o We are just getting started.  The Silver Miners have a long way to catch up given their
profit margin outlook is far greater than Wall Street understands.
● Gold and Silver Miners
o Precious Metal Miners remain cheap in comparison to the bullion, but also to the S&P 500.
● Bitcoin
o It is digital gold.  It’s the scarcest asset in the world.  Deleveraging has hurt it in the short
run, but in the medium term it will join Gold as a key sound money asset
`
Equity Management Associates, LLC Page 2
RESULTS SUMMARY
This is the EMA GARP Fund L.P. report for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2025.  For
the month of October, the Fund decreased in value by 0.81%. In November, the Fund increased by 8.24%.
In December, the Fund increased in value by 10.49%.  For the quarter, the Fund value increased by
18.62%.  For the full year the Fund was up 174.48%
Quarterly  Return*  Cumulative
Q4 2025  18.62%  174.5%
Q3 2025  48.85%  131.4%
Q2 2025  28.76%  55.5%
Q1 2025  20.73%  20.7%
Monthly  Return*  Cumulative
December  10.49%  174.5%
November  8.24%  148.4%
October  -0.81%  129.5%
Since
Annual  Return**  Inception
2025  174.5%  234.1%
2024  19.2%  59.6%
2023  -3.9%  40.4%
2022  -40.7%  46.1%
2021  -20.4%  146.3%
2020  121.8%  212.1%
2019  97.9%  40.7%
2018  -31.8%  -28.9%
2017  -7.8%  4.3%
2016  75.0%  13.2%
2015  -8.0%  -35.3%
2014  -26.8%  -29.7%
2013  -50.8%  -4.0%
2012  -7.9%  93.3%
2011  -32.2%  110.0%
2010  47.1%  209.5%
2009  33.2%  110.4%
2008  -5.8%  58.0%
2007  40.5%  67.9%
*   Net of fees, incentive allocation charged in December if 10% hurdle is reached.
** Net of fees and incentive allocations, audited.
`
Equity Management Associates, LLC Page 3
RESULTS COMPARISON
In the fourth quarter of 2025, the EMA GARP Fund increased in value by 18.6%.  For the full year ended
December 31, the Fund was up 174.5%.
The schedule below shows the Fund’s performance compared to the general stock market indices, and
the gold stock indices for the fourth quarter and year ended December, 2025.
Quarterly and Full-Year 2025 Results Comparison
Q1  Q2  Q3  Q4  YTD
EMA Garp Fund, LP 20.7%  28.8%  48.9%  18.6%  174.5%
DJIA -0.9%  5.5%  5.7%  4.0%  14.9%
S&P 500 Index -4.3%  10.9%  8.1%  2.7%  17.9%
NASDAQ Composite -10.3%  18.0%  11.4%  2.7%  21.2%
XAU/ Gold/ Silver stocks 29.7%  16.5%  44.9%  15.5%  152.8%
HUI Gold Stocks Index 31.3%  16.4%  46.5%  15.0%  157.5%
GDX Gold Majors ETF 35.6%  13.3%  46.8%  13.1%  154.7%
GDXJ Gold Juniors ETF 33.8%  18.2%  46.5%  17.4%  172.0%
GOEX Gold Explorers ETF 29.1%  19.9%  49.1%  21.1%  179.4%
SIL Silver Miners ETF 24.2%  22.2%  48.8%  17.8%  166.0%
Gold Bullion 19.0%  5.7%  16.8%  11.9%  64.6%
Silver Bullion 17.9%  5.9%  29.2%  53.6%  147.9%
Crude Oil 0.1%  -8.9%  -4.2%  -7.9%  -19.9%
Goldman Sachs Commodity Index (GSCI) -0.1%  -3.2%  4.2%  0.4%  5.9%
Wisdom Tree Commodity Index (GCC) 4.1%  1.5%  7.5%  5.6%  20.0%
US Government 10 Year Yield 4.21%  4.23%  4.15%  4.17%
US Dollar Index 104.21  96.88  97.78  98.32
Bitcoin -12.1%  30.5%  6.5%  -23.5%  -6.5%
`
Equity Management Associates, LLC Page 4
QUARTERLY OVERVIEW
The fourth quarter was a great quarter as gold and silver bullion increased 12% and 54%, respectively .
Interestingly, while gold and silver miners were also up in Q4, the miners still have not taken off as gold
miners were only up “in-line” with the gold bullion move and the silver miners were up only one third of
the silver bullion price. Typically, the miners leverage the underlying metal price increases, often by 2 -
3x percentage wise. While our Fund’s performance was good, what excites us is these miners should
outperform going forward as markets get used to seeing many “beat and raise” earnings and cas h flow
announcements in the coming quarters given the bullion price increase. The skepticism is a good thing
because the market does not believe the higher metals prices will last.  Classic climbing a wall of worry
behavior.   In our opinion, what is occurring is that investors do not believe that these higher metals prices
are sustainable.  When we combine that with the fact that all the stocks have gone vertical in the past
year, investors are afraid to chase the miners or to buy them.  As we will show in  this letter, we believe
the metals are going much higher and that at some point the miners will reprice and catch up.
Silver was the big story as it was up 54% in Q4.  We’ve discussed silver a lot over the past few years and
pointed out the supply demand mismatch. We believed it would eventually matter.  Well, finally in late
2025, the world realized there are global shortages of silver and the paper market for silver (futures
contracts) has been faced with unprecedented demands for delivery.  More on that later.
The most notable thing about 2025 is how the precious metals miners stock performance absolutely
crushed the S&P and the Nasdaq which were up 18% and 21%, respectively.  A very good year by most
measures, but pitiful when compared to the gold and silver mining indices which were all up 150%+.
Investors who are aware of this have to be asking their brokers: do we own any gold mining stocks?
What we see is a change in stock leadership.  From 2001 -2011, gold bullion grew at a CAGR of
20.7%/year on average, while the S&P was essentially FLAT for that entire 10 -year period.  The same
thing is happening again as people abandon the frenzied NASDAQ stocks in favor of sound money assets.
WHAT A YEAR FOR GOLD & SILVER
In last years’ Q4 2025 letter, we pointed out the following two quotes which foreshadowed what we’ve
experienced in the past year:
“I think we are in a long-term bull market for gold.  We’re seeing reserve accumulation by central
banks. I follow it closely.  It is my biggest position. Even I was surprised when the central bank
of Poland said they want to take their gold reserves to 20%.
- Scott Bessent, Secretary Nominee, U.S. Treasury, 11/2/24
"I believe there will likely be a pending [sovereign] debt money problem....I want to steer away
from from debt assets like bonds and debt, and have some hard money like gold and bitcoin.....it
is impossible for these [major] countries to be able to not ha ve a debt crisis in the years ahead
that will lead to a great decline of [money] value."
- Ray Dalio, Bridgewater, 12/10/24
`
Equity Management Associates, LLC Page 5
Bessent and Dalio were prophetic. Well beyond just Poland ’s Central Bank  jumped on the Bullion
accumulation train, and so did many western investors who finally followed the BRICS nations. And our
current situation is a far cry from past headlines like this from 10 years ago:
By the way, that 2015 WSJ headline occurred with the gold price at $ 1,134 just a few months before it
bottomed at $1,071 later that year.  It aged in the same way as the famous Is Inflation Dead? 2019
magazine cover which came out one year before COVID carried inflation to 9%.
FEDERAL RESERVE WATCH:  TRAPPED
The fourth quarter was very historic in one important respect: the money printer got turned on once again.
Recall in May of 2022 , the Fed announced that it would begin quantitative tightening in an attempt to
control inflation and soak up all the  Covid stimulus’ excess liquidity.  They began this tightening with
balance sheet reductions of  $47.5 Billion per month and ramped it up to $95 Bil lion per month soon
thereafter.  This helped to shrink the Federal Reserve Balance Sheet and, for a while, the Money Supply
(M2) in order to reduce inflation from its peak of 9%.  Isn’t it interesting that the printer got turned back
on in December 2025 and yet gold was strong throughout the year, particularly in September when it
became clear that DOGE had failed and deficits would persist. We have often said that gold is really good
at sniffing out future monetary debasement.
The following chart by our friend, Dan Oliver does a nice job of showing the path of the Fed’s Balance
Sheet which is a good proxy for bank reserve growth which, in turn, then drives global liquidity and M2
`
Equity Management Associates, LLC Page 6
growth. Note the last two Big Prints occurred in 2008 and 2020.  Also note how they compare to the
lighter colored line which shows an exponential growth curve.
This comparison highlights a very important point.  MATHEMATICALLY, when the supply of money
does not keep up with the growth of debt, the monetary system breaks and money printing is required to
keep it going.  We saw it in 2008, and we saw it again in 2020.  Now look at where the dark line is in
comparison to the lighter line today.  What do you think happens next?
Well, as if on cue from a director, the Federal Reserve addressed this issue in 2025 in two steps.  First, at
their meeting on October 28-29 they announced they would stop the balance sheet tightening (QT) and
then at the next meeting on December 1 they announced that they would begin purchasing $40 Billion of
Treasury Securities every month.  This is blatant money printing and used to be called Quantitative Easing
(QE), but they have decided to rebrand it as “Reserves Management” and say that is it not really money
printing but just a technical step to keep liquidity within the banking system.  That is true, but let’s call it
what it is:  MONEY PRINTING.
Now make no mistake, the Fed did not want to take this step.  They realize that they have not achieved
their “controlling inflation” mandate, and Chairman Powell fancies himself as Paul Volcker. However,
the markets and the math left them with no other choice.  Their tone was interesting: “No big deal, nothing
to see here folks.”  But it is a really big deal, and there is a high probability that the Reserves Management
amount will have to grow.
We also thought the way in which this was done was interesting.  After the October meeting , they had
several of their  media proxies float trial balloons suggesting that they might do this , and the amount
suggested was $25 Billion per month, maybe starting in 2026.
Then when the December meeting arrived, they announced a larger amount, $40 Billion per month and
that it was starting in TWO DAYS!    Well, maybe things were a little tighter than originally projected.
`
Equity Management Associates, LLC Page 7
Bottom line: the Fed will be forced to increase the rate of money printing due to a combination of
mathematical constraints outlined above  and the fiscal irresponsibility of the Federal Government.
Furthermore, there is about to be a changing of the guard at the Fed, and the Executive Branch will have
a much larger voice in the money printing equation.  Let’s address this next.
TRUMP WATCH:  RUN IT HOT!
In our Q3 and monthly reports we have detailed President Trump’s attack on the Federal Reserve.  He
fired one Fed Governor for alleged mortgage fraud (case pending in front to the Supreme Court), and he
has applied pressure on the Fed causing two Fed Governors with irregular trading patterns to resign or
leave early.  He also inserted Stephen Miran, Chairman of the Counsel of Economic Advisors onto the
Fed Board.  Miran has already dissented three times as a Federal Reserve Governor.  At the September,
October and December meetings he called for 50 basis point rates cuts instead of the majority decision
of 25 basis point cuts.  In public statements, he has also said that he thinks the Fed Funds rate should be
2% and Trump has said it should be 1%.  Presently the Fed Funds rate is 3.50% to 3.75%.
Fed Chair Jerome Powell ’s term expires in May 2026 , and Trump will appoint the new Chair.  He has
not hidden his disdain for Powell, labelling him as “too late” and calling him stupid and a moron.  Trump
has now ordered an investigation of Powell relating to the new $3 billion Fed building (what’s another
$3 billion with $2 trillion deficits?)  He has also made it very clear that the new Fed Chair will have to
agree to reduce interest rates.  The two leading candidates for the role are Kevin Hassett and Kevin Warsh.
Both are qualified for the role although Hassett is considered to be more dovish on interest rates.  Until
recently, based upon hints from the Administration , Hassett was the leading contender for the role, but
some of the participants in the bond market are rumored to have pushed back hard on the thought of a
Hassett Chairmanship and so Warsh is now considered even odds of getting the role.
If it happens that the bond market does not like the new Fed Chair’s lower rate plan  and its inflation
impact, then other steps will probably be taken to deal with that.  Board Member Miran already hinted at
the possibility of fixing yields at a set rate (yield curve control) in testimony before Congress when he
was being approved for the role.   Keep in mind tha t yield curve control is what Third World countries
do to try to save their bond markets.  That is, they buy their own bonds with newly printed money.  The
problem with this is that once everyone becomes aware of it, faith in the currency is lost.
`
Equity Management Associates, LLC Page 8
The US has prior experience with yield curve control from 1942 to 1951 to pay for WWII. It worked, but
it was highly inflationary and we were only saved by the post war growth in the US economy as the US
was the only functioning economy after the war had destroyed Germany, Japan and most of Europe.
The Bloomberg article below is telling with respect to how Trump, Bessent and Miran are viewing the
Federal Reserve and yield curve control.
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent has also discussed how the US Treasury and the Fed need to coordinate
on monetary policy.  This Administration is going to make up or bend the rules on Fed independence.
They will site national security if they have to.  We just saw in Venezuela how the US can  define the
rules in a way that suits their interests.   And now Trump is bullying Denmark into selling Greenland to
the US. This President is willing to be very aggressive and stretch historical boundaries if he thinks it will
help him to accomplish his goals.  We expect that this will extend into the sphere of monetary policy.
With the US mid-term elections only 10 months away, Trump is clearly pulling out all the stops to try to
maintain the Republican control of the house.  The ink is barely dry on the Tariffs, and the US Supreme
court is about to weigh in on their legality (and deficits remain quite large). Yet, Trump is talking about
giving a tariff rebate to lower income families.
Frankly, it is tough to keep up with all of the steps he is taking.  Last week, he called for a ban on corporate
ownership of US houses in order to try to improve housing affordability.  He also announced that Fannie
Mae and Freddie Mac will be repurchasing $200 Billion of mortgage -backed securities to try to reduce
the cost of mortgages.  Then he announced that  he wants Congress to enact a law which sets a cap on
credit card interest rates at 10%.  Essentially eliminating the current legal structure that permits each state
to choose their own usury laws and limits.
`
Equity Management Associates, LLC Page 9
And finally, we know that the Big Beautiful Bill will add between $300 to $400 billion to expenses, and
Trump just called for increasing the Defense Budget (rebranded as The Department of War) to increase
from its current $1.0 trillion rate to approximately $1.5 trillion.  Politicians with a checkbook and a money
printer are the largest danger to our Republic, in our opinion.   At the margin, spending more money to
address problems is an easy choice.
What we see is a President and Administration that are going to do everything they can to GROW their
way out of a debt problem. They cannot let the economy slow, they cannot let the stock market correct,
and they cannot let money grow tight.  They are going to RUN IT HOT!
If they get interest rates low enough, and provide monetary fuel, their hope is that growth will save them.
They may be correct, but there is no way they can do this without setting off another serious bout of
inflation.  The release valves with this kind of strategy are Distrust in the currency and inflation.
The Truth Social comment by Trump below and Retweeted by Ben Hunt details this strategy. President
Trump alludes to the possibility of growing GDP 20% in one year!   In headline terms that may be possible
but only because inflation is running at 15%.
The important thing to take away from a RUN IT HOT! Strategy is that there is no way to do this without
printing a lot of money.   Literally a BIG PRINT.
`
Equity Management Associates, LLC Page 10
When you have the President saying they intend to grow, and the Treasury Secretary saying that the Fed
and Treasury need to be melded into one entity, it is not hard to connect the dots.  They are going to force
us into a “crack up boom”. 1   They are telling us what they are going to do.  We need to believe them.
None of us own enough hard assets in this environment.  We must own what cannot be printed.
How hot can they run it?  What are the limits? The next three charts by Bianco Research provide a good
historical perspective on how large the government has grown as a share of the economy.
In the first chart, note that the COVID pandemic and WWII are the only times when government spending
was a larger share of GDP.  The upward creep in Government control of the economy is clearly evident.
Now, on the next chart consider Debt to GDP.  We have exceeded the peak of WWII and there is no
war!
1 A "crack-up boom" describes the final, chaotic stage of a monetary crisis, coined by Austrian economist Ludwig von Mises,
where excessive money printing and credit expansion lead to hyperinflation, causing people to abandon paper currency for real
assets (like gold, real estate, goods) as money rapidly loses value, ultimately collapsing the monetary system (source: Google
Gemini)
`
Equity Management Associates, LLC Page 11
Finally, consider the US Budget deficits as a percentage of GDP.  We are below the levels attained during
the Global Financial Crisis and COVID, but not by that much.    With a healthy economy and record
stock market wealth, we are running huge deficits.  Imagine what happens if something breaks.
`
Equity Management Associates, LLC Page 12
MONETARY CHAOS: SECULAR TREND CHANGE
These charts demonstrate how close we are to the end of the monetary road.  Our government has kicked
the can for a long time, but the road is growing short, and the can is getting heavy.  There are not many
choices left:
• We can let things collapse and let the debt go bad like it did in the Great Depression , but that is
not too appealing.
• We could do a monetary reset and restore sound money which would be painful initially but the
correct move long term. It is unclear if Trump/Bessent have the guts or political space to do this.
• Or we can try to inflate our way out of this mess which is clearly the highest probability path.
Interestingly, the monetary chaos began in a big way in 2008 with the Global Financial Crisis (GFC)
when interest rates were taken to zero and Trillions were printed . But the bond market did not wake up
to the danger until 12 years later.
We consider the next chart to be extremely important.  It shows the 10 Year US Treasury yield.  For five
decades, with the dollar as the World Reserve Currency, the 10 Year basically set the risk -free cost of
money and was the basis for pricing all sector debt (e.g., mortgages).  What the chart shows is that from
the inflationary peak in 1982 (based upon the inflation of the 1970’s) , the yield on the 10  Year trended
down from 1982 to 2020 in a deflationary setting.  This was very good for equities and bonds.  The trend
was driven by technology, the opening of China, new oil drilling techniques and overall increases in
efficiency.  Also, throughout the 1980’s and early 1990’s, monetary policy was not extreme.
In 2020 with the COVID crisis, we achieved peak deflation with the 10  Year briefly trading at 50 bps.
The policies and spending enacted in response to COVID kicked off an inflationary trend that we believe
has just started.   Note how the deficits and money printing associated with COVID in March 2020 broke
the downward trend line and the 10 Year now lives in the 4% per year region.
`
Equity Management Associates, LLC Page 13
This is a BIG SECULAR CHANGE.  It is the reason why gold, silver, bitcoin and all tangible assets have
a long way to run.  People are having a hard time accepting that we now live in an inflationary world, but
we do.  It reminds me of when I started in the investment business in 1981.  At the time , inflation had
been running rampant for 10 years, and everyone thought inflation would never be conquered.  There was
a famous Business Week magazine cover “The Death of Equities: how inflation is destroying the s tock
market” in August 1979.  Right before inflation was tamed and the largest bull market in history was
about to launch.  Bonds were considered certificates of confiscation.  One economist, Gary Shilling took
the other side, bought 30-year government zeros and made enough to retire in 5 years.
Similar to 1981’s deflation pivot, an inflationary pivot is transpiring now.  This new secular change has
many years, perhaps even decades to run.  When everyone agrees with us perhaps it will be over, but now
it appears to just be getting started.  If this is the case, hang onto your hats concerning the price level and
the prices of gold, silver and bitcoin.  Markets tend to overshoot.
The next two charts offer visual confirmation of what we have been saying.  Technical analyst Graddhy
shows how the inflation vs deflation index appears to be breaking out.
Also, the market price of US 10-year Inflation Break even rates has just broken out this past summer.
`
Equity Management Associates, LLC Page 14
People are becoming aware of these inflation trends and the Monetary Debasement Trade as discussed in
our Q3 letter .  We also saw Morgan Stanley revise their model from 60/40 stocks /bonds, to 60/20/20
stocks/bonds/gold.   But think about it realistically.  How many of your friends and neighbors hold gold
or gold stocks?  Not many, right?    Before this secular trend is over , everyone and their brother will be
talking about how you have to own this stuff because of how well it has performed.
Like we said in our recent webinar : we think we are in the second or third inning of this baseball game
and we could go into extra innings!
BROADER MARKETS & LEVERAGE
The stock market had another solid year, up 18-20% generally despite the myriad of noise in the world.
Earnings growth has remained solid although much of it via cost cutting.  Yet, investors are ignoring so
many risks in the broader markets.
• Valuations are near extremes – Shiller’s moving average CAPE ratio is higher than 1929 and
approaching the 1999 highs.
• Leverage Galore – as we discussed above, much of the Gold and Silver move has been an
awareness of just how fragile our system is and built on leverage and the need for the Federal
Governments (globally) to keep running deficits and printing money.  The chart below shows the
parabolic growth in US Treasury Bond issuance!  Corporate & Foreign Bonds (blue line) as well
as Government Agencies (red line) are in on it too!
`
Equity Management Associates, LLC Page 15
Source: DoubleLine Capital, The Federal Reserve, Bianco Research
• Speculative Excess as Seen Through Leverage – this idea of “the Government has your back
and will keep printing” is fueling speculation by all sorts of investors (both institutional and retail)
as seen in the following:
o Hedge Fund’s  Leverage – Hedge Funds have borrowed aggressively from their Prime
Brokers and Repo Markets. Note the very rapid growth in repo and prime brokerage
borrowing since 2020.
`
Equity Management Associates, LLC Page 16
o Mom & Pop  Leverage - when looking at Margin Debt at retail brokerage accounts like
Schwab and Fidelity, even mom & pop are levering up.  The chart below shows Margin Debt
in brokerage accounts as a % of US GDP.  Note we are well beyond the 1999 highs.
o The Basis Trade - For decades now, US markets have had huge tailwinds from the infamous
“Japanese Basis Trade”.  i.e., a fund borrows in Japan with its low, low interest rate s, levers up
massively…then invests in the US markets.  The chart below shows how massive this Basis Trade
has gotten over the past 10 years.  It depicts how over $1 Trillion is now in the US Treasury
Futures basis trade where funds (i) borrow in Japan, (ii) Buy US Treasury Bonds, and (iii) Sell US
Treasury Futures as the spread collapses in time.  Funds then lever this trade massively to scale
their returns.  Japan’s own fiscal issues are percolating including whether they defend the Yen to
stem some of their own inflation challenges and let rates go higher – things will begin to unravel
and have domino effects on global markets.
`
Equity Management Associates, LLC Page 17
Like all things, this is good so long as the music keeps playing, but if rates go up globally (as is beginning
to happen this week) in an inflationary world – this trade will be unwound.  Inflation from money printing
globally will spike rates higher and the sale of assets will follow.  It is our belief that gold, silver and
Bitcoin will be the safe harbors as this trade unwinds over the coming years.
GOLD
The most important thing to understand about gold is that it is the ultimate form of money because it is
geologically constrained and cannot be debased.  When economies are growing, monetary policy is
responsible, and credit is expanding in a measured way, you do not need gold, and it underperforms most
other assets.  These conditions existed between 1982 and 2000.  These conditions do not exist anymore
and in fact we see the exact opposite.  Our monetary system is broken, and people are becoming aware
of it and buying gold.   Simon Mikhailovich summarized it nicely.
No one can dispute that we are in a bull market for gold.   The price action is compelling.
Of course, the next questions are, have I missed it, how high can it go?  We strongly believe that investors
have not missed this bull market and we are still early.
Consider the next chart below.  Many investors and index funds choose ETF’s as a way to gain exposure
to an asset.  This chart shows the market share of Gold ETF’s compared to all other ETF’s.  Note that the
present share is under 2%.    In the 2000-2008 bull market it was 4x this level and even in the 2016-2020
mini bull market it was 50% higher.   We believe this current bull market will be larger than both of those.
If we are correct gold prices will travel much higher.
`
Equity Management Associates, LLC Page 18
As we said above gold performs well when monetary debasement is taking place.  Since 2000 we have
experienced a great deal of monetary debasement.  Most people intrinsically feel this and think the “go
to” solution is the stock market.  However, as the nex t chart shows since 2000, Gold is up 16.4x vs. the
S&P 500 is up 4.7x.
Gold vs. S&P 500 % Performance (2000-2026)
`
Equity Management Associates, LLC Page 19
TOTAL GLOBAL ASSET VALUES BY CATEGORY
Another way of looking at this is to look at the  global allocation of all  investment capital.  The next
excellent schedule is from our friend Jesse Myers.  Here he shows the size of all the major investment
buckets worldwide.  Note the large sums of capital that are deployed in real estate, bonds, and equities.
Notice how large they are when compared to the total gold market and the Bitcoin market.  What this
schedule shows is that there is a lot of capital that needs to migrate into sound money assets.
Under the current conditions, it should be easy for gold to achieve $6,000 per ounce and $8,000, $10,000
and $15,000 are not out of the question in the next 5 years.
`
Equity Management Associates, LLC Page 20
HI HO SILVER!
Silver was THE story in December across ALL GLOBAL markets as the price action below shows.
Silver may potentially go much, much higher.  In essence, silver is right in the middle of a cross section
of major trends --- from supply shortages, to energy demand, to national defense needs and the growing
diversification trends favoring sound money assets.
1. Demand > Supply: For a number of years, there has been a deficit in silver production. The 2012-
2024 Bear Market in Gold & Silver crushed investment in mines.  Moreover, silver is a byproduct
metal largely derived from copper & zinc mines. So , there is little above -ground supply.  On the
demand side, solar and electric demand for silver  persists given silver’s  highest electrical
conductivity of all elements.  In addition, AI data center demand requires 2-3x as much silver as
traditional data centers . Awareness of the acute scarcity of silver has grown  and silver prices
exploded. Auto and battery companies (particularly Samsung, Tesla and Toyota) began to comment
on the risks of being unable to procure enough silver inventory.
`
Equity Management Associates, LLC Page 21
2. Critical Mineral – signs of shortages of silver could be seen in 2023 when the EU declared silver
a critical mineral. And then in Q4 2025, both China and the US said silver is a critical mineral.
And China (which produces 13% of global silver supplies and controls > 60% of silver refineries
globally) banned exports of silver given its own strategic needs.
3. Monetary Metal – silver, like gold, is also a monetary metal. Central banks and investors have
been accumulating silver in addition to gold.  We saw this over the past 6 months as central banks
and then ETFs were demanding “physical” delivery off exchanges for their own vaults.
In a balanced market, this lease rate should be at 0%.  Instead, the latest reading is 8.53%, which
means the average itself is still rising. This reflects how limited the availability of physical silver
has become. High and rising lease rates are a classic signal of physical market stress.
4. Run on Physical Silver – Given the robust silver demand and deficits, there has been a run on
Global exchanges for “physical delivery” of silver over the past few years and it is worsening.
Here is a look at the decline in silver inventory on the LBMA in London.
Source: LBMA and justdario.com
In New York at the COMEX, in December 2025, there was 62.9 million oz of silver delivered -
the largest ever one -month delivery of silver on the COMEX. Here in early January, delivery
demands keep spiking for Silver.  On December 26 th COMEX or “the powers that be” tried to
stop this demand and slow the price increases. They raised the margin rate in an attempt to drive
out speculators.  This worked – for a day or two.  But it’s just sounding the alarm to the shortages
`
Equity Management Associates, LLC Page 22
further. Silver prices keep moving higher.  As David Jensen points out while looking at London’s
shortages:
Source: jensenddavid.substack.com
5. Blow Up Coming?   The “paper silver market” (i.e., the bullion banks and/or CTA Commodity
Traders that have been suspected to have suppressed silver prices for decades ) may be about to
blow up.  Why?
• The CFTC publishes monthly a high-level report on banks future contract totals.  They don’t
name the banks but they just tell you how US vs. Non -US banks are positioned.  Check out the
red circle in the chart below on last week’s report. While US Banks appear to be fairly balanced
on long vs. short contracts, its Non -US Banks or CTA type traders that have a massive “short”
silver position relative to their long Position.  Some of these folks will be caught massively
offsides soon.  This is a big reason you are seeing silver spiking in price lately.
For context, the non-US participants are net short 151,931 contracts (5,000 ounces per contract)
and therefore are short 759,655 ounces.  Approximately one year of mine supply.
`
Equity Management Associates, LLC Page 23
• Adding to the intrigue, the CME is showing 101,490 Option Contracts that expire in March.  If
these contracts stick to the current trend, and the Buyer of the contract  exercises and demands
physical delivery the contract Seller will have to deliver nearly 500mm Oz of Silver, which would
represent 62.5% of the total annual silver produced globally or 800mm Oz!!!  This would be akin
to the GameStop stock squeeze a few years ago!
Recall on Thanksgiving night two months ago – after Silver had spiked to over $50/oz, the CME
halted FX, commodities and futures trading for 10 hours to “cool their servers” ( perhaps the
backup systems took the holiday off - LOL!!).  The CME only resumed trading at 8:30am EST
on Black Friday – which coincidentally was the exact time that the Fed’s standing repo facility
operations resumed.  Did some bank or fund need a life raft?
Adding to the intrigue, on Monday night January 12 th (right after Silver went to a new all-time
high of $85/oz), the US Treasury posted this below:
Perhaps this is turning into a modern-day Long-Term Capital Management issue in the silver
markets!!??
`
Equity Management Associates, LLC Page 24
• And that same night of January 12, the CME suddenly changed its margin requirements again.
Get your popcorn! W hile many will think this is the classic “cyclical” rise in silver prices, soon to be
followed by a crash in prices, this is different than when the Hunt brothers tried in 1980 to corner  the
Silver market as speculators. As the chart below shows, there have been no increases in speculator open
interest (thin Dark Blue line) over the past several months.
`
Equity Management Associates, LLC Page 25
Rather, this is a physical shortage issue for a “critical mineral” in a world of growing solar/AI/power
needs.  Not to mention its growing demand as a sound money asset as the world further awakens to the
debasement issue.
As the technician Michael Oliver’s chart below demonstrates, when looking at a Log scale on Silver
prices back to 1975, ‘we’ve only just begun” as the Carpenters sang.   In fact, Oliver thinks Silver may
spike to $300+ silver during 2026 and could achieve $500 in this bull market.
Further, as Oliver points out – Copper had a similar long term “boxed in” price before a major breakout.
As the chart below shows, from the 1980s -2005, Copper was stuck in the red box. But once it was no
longer suppressed, it broke out to higher levels and barely ever looked back – even 20 years later.
More good news for our portfolio is the chart below: the Silver mining stocks (blue line) have really only
just begun to chase the silver bullion spike, as this chart below shows.
`
Equity Management Associates, LLC Page 26
We expect that the Blue Line (Silver miners) will catch up to even higher silver prices.  The reason? The
average all in mining costs for silver (ASIC) are now running $26/oz.  In the first half of 2025 , with a
$30 average selling price, the miners had a 13% gross margin.  At $90 silver prices, those margins (before
inflation) have SWOLLEN to 70%+!!!  A few beat and raise earnings estimates quarters in 2026 should
do the trick to draw in a lot of Institutional capital chasing the silver miner cash flows.
We were early in our fund a few years ago with an overweight of silver miners. It hurt all of us in the
fund in 2022 and 2023.  But now you see why we wanted to be here!
Another point to recognize is how small the silver market is.   We mine 800,000 ounces per year.  At $90
per ounce the total value of the silver mined is $72 billion.  Currently above ground gold is valued at $22
Trillion.  Bitcoin’s total market cap is $1.9 Trillion.  Total global financial assets as shown in Jesse
Mayer’s chart on page 19 are $1.0 Quadrillion.  Silver is a pimple.  Tiny shifts in demand and the need
for paper silver shorts to cover can and will have such an outsized impact on its price.
`
Equity Management Associates, LLC Page 27
GOLD AND SILVER MINERS
As we have said in the past, gold stocks have lagged the appreciation in the metal itself.  The chart below
shows the miners have begun the process of catching up but there is still a fairly substantial gap. The gap will
close and the stocks will outperform the metal as they have in the past – particularly as more miner’s valuations
begin to grow, many will begin to enter the S&P 500 Index which creates more passive flows which propels
the stocks higher.  Presently, Newmont is the only gold miner in the S&P 500.
Price of Gold and HUI Gold Stock Index (2000-2026)
The reason for the anticipated stock outperformance is that gold mining companies represent streams of gold.
One way of thinking about it is: if the monetary system returns to a gold standard, then the gold miners become
the central bank.  The gold miners are also enjoying much higher margins because their cost to extract gold
has not increased as rapidly as the price of gold.   The next schedule shows how much gold mining margins
have expanded, and this chart used the August 2025 gold price of $3,500.  Currently the price of gold is $4,900
per ounce.  At this level the gold miners earn a 70% profit margin on each ounce minced.  INCREDIBLE.
`
Equity Management Associates, LLC Page 28
When you zoom out, the gold mining stocks vs. Gold bullion on a ratio basis are still at fairly depressed levels.
The next chart is a ratio of the GDX Gold Miners ETF to the price of the metal.  Note how we have lived
below long-term historical averages.  We believe this will mean revert.
And finally, we think that it is useful to look at the XAU Gold Stock mining index vs. the S&P 500.  Note how
poorly gold stocks did compared to the S&P from 1984-2000.  The new era of monetary debasement began in
2000 and gold stocks did somewhat better from 2000-2011, but then a new credit cycle started, and the gold
price corrected from $1,900 to $1,050. Since 2015 , gold stocks have flat lined vs. the S&P.  But if you look
carefully, you will see that they just broke out.  We believe this breakout is very meaningful, and it is fresh
and has a long way to run.  This chart screams: Sell the S&P 500 and buy gold stocks!  We agree.
`
Equity Management Associates, LLC Page 29
As the next chart clearly shows, the performance of the miners has trended down vs. gold for a long time.
However, it now appears to be bumping up against and perhaps breaking through the downtrend line.
If a solid break-out takes place, the gold miners have a long way to go until they are at the mid-point of
the valuation range.  The next chart is another view of how the junior gold miners have underperformed
the S&P 500 Index.  However, it appears that the down trend line has also been broken.  Stay tuned.
`
Equity Management Associates, LLC Page 30
BITCOIN
Bitcoin had a volatile Q4 (down -23.5%) to finish calendar 2025 down -6.5%.  Some of that decline was
due to unwinding of leverage in the crypto space, but much of it was due to Gold and Silver’s resurgence
globally as the sound money of choice.
Make no mistake, despite its volatility, Bitcoin is sound money.  Gold has been a store of value for 5,000
years due to its scarcity – it’s hard to find and Gold’s supply has grown in -line with human population
growth (~2% / year).  Bitcoin is simply digital Gold but even scarcer given the 21 million limit on Bitcoin
and nearly 20 million of those have already been mined.  Bitcoin’s supply growth is < 1% / year.
As the chart below shows, Gold and Bitcoin are generally correlated.  For example, from mid-2019 to
mid-2020, Gold anticipated monetary debasement and trended higher.  Then, notice how Bitcoin lagged,
but then picked up in the Fall of 2020 before then far surpassing Gold’s move.  Because Bitcoin is
undergoing an adoption curve and is therefore a more volatile form of sound money, it tends to accentuate
Gold’s move up or down.  Our view is that the current Gold move is extremely bullish for Bitcoin, but
there will be a lag as there has been in the past.
In the short run, Bitcoin, like any asset, can trade anywhere.  However, as debasement continues to persist,
and more assets flow into sound money, demand for Bitcoin will grow.  As the monetary reset happens
(whether gradually or suddenly) , not only will individuals and institutions desire Bitcoin,  but all
governments will also need to have Gold and or Bitcoin to be able to finance themselves. (i.e., if no one
`
Equity Management Associates, LLC Page 31
trusts a fiat currency, they won’t buy any country’s Treasury Bonds.  Unless, those T -Bonds are backed
by a hard asset like Gold or Bitcoin.  That is where the puck will be going in time).  See this caption
below:
You have to be patient and buy and hold it. Be a long term investor not a trader of it.  As Fred Kreuger
has pointed out, if you trade around the asset you may miss Bitcoin’s best days in a bull market.  Over
the long run, missing those best days can dramatically impact your returns in Bitcoin.  (e.g., from 2017-
2024, Bitcoin was up +847%.  However, if you missed the 10 best up days in Bitcoin – your return over
that 7 year period would have been NEGATIVE -23%!!
CONCLUSION
Well, we achieved overnight success in 2025 after waiting for 20 years for the monetary system to begin
collapsing.  Maybe we are just a broken clock right twice a day, but at a fundamental level we do not
think so.  It is sad to see our monetary system fail but it has seemed inevitable to us for quite some time.
Through the past 5 years, and in the decades before that, the toughest part of investing in this thesis was
to hold on knowing that math would eventually force this outcome.  Now, we believe that the toughest
part will be to continue holding and not sell too early.  People ask us how high the metals can go? We
`
Equity Management Associates, LLC Page 32
cannot really answer the question.  Why?   Well , the precious metals have no upper boundary on price
because fiat currency has no lower boundary on value.  We are not saying hyperinflation is our base case.
It is not.  But it has entered the room and the discussion.
As Fed Governor Neal Kashkari said “there is an infinite amount of cash at the Federal Reserve”.
The path from here will depend upon many factors including government policy steps. We cannot forecast
all of the twists and turns and ups and downs, but we are confident that the strong trend of precious metals
prices is up and to the right.   We have said many times that it feels like the second or third inning to us.
Thank you all for your support over the years.  We will continue to do our best to try to grow and protect
your and our capital.
Best,
Larry and David
These presentation materials shall not be construed as an offer to purchase or sell, or the solicitation of an offer to
purchase or sell, any securities or services. Any such offering may only be made at the time a qualified investor
receives from EMA formal materials describing an offering plus related subscription documentation (“offering
materials”). In the case of any inconsistency between the information in this presentation and any such offering
materials, including an offering memorandum, the offering materials shall control.
Securities shall not be offered or sold in any jurisdiction in which such offer or sale would be unlawful unless the
requirements of the applicable laws of such jurisdiction have been satisfied. Any decision to invest in securities must
be based solely upon the information set forth in the applicable offering materials, which should be read carefully by
prospective investors prior to investing. An investment in EMA not suitable or desirable for all investors; investors may
lose all or a portion of the capit al invested. Investors may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment for
an indefinite period of time. Investors and prospective investors are urged to consult with their own legal, financial and
tax advisors before making any investment.
The statements contained in this presentation are made as of the date printed on the cover, and access to this
presentation at any given time shall not give rise to any implication that there has been no change in the facts and
circumstances set forth in this presentation since that date. These presentation materials may contain forward-looking
statements within the meaning of US securities laws. The forward -looking statements are based on EMA’s beliefs,
assumptions and expectations of its future performanc e, taking into account all information currently available to it,
and can change as a result of known (and unknown) risks, uncertainties and other unpredictable factors. No
representations or warranties are made as to the accuracy of such forward -looking s tatements. EMA does not
undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after
the date on which such statements were made. Historical data and other information contained herein, including
information obtained from third -party sources, are believed to be reliable but no representation is made to its
accuracy, completeness, or suitability for any specific purpose.
No representation is being made that any investment will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those shown.
Past performance is not indicative of future results. This report is prepared for the exclusive use of EMA investors and
other persons that EMA has determined should receive these presentation materials. This presentation may not be
reproduced, distributed or disclosed without the express permission of EMA.