January 23, 2026
Fairlight Alpha Fund Partnership Q4 2025 Letter Page 1 of 8 info@fairlightcapital.com
Fairlight Alpha Fund LP
Q4 2025 Letter
Dear Partners,
Fairlight Alpha Fund’s returns in the fourth quarter 2025 were 9.9% net of fees. This compares to
2.7% for the S&P 500 Total Return index. Overall, since inception the fund has returned 904.9% net
of fees and 40.1% on an annualized basis. These results are presented for informational purposes
only and do not represent a solicitation or offer.
Performance vs. the S&P 500
We track the net asset value of Fairlight Alpha Fund (the “Fund”) over time as calculated by our
fund administrator based on our portfolio positions and prices over time on a dollar basis. The fund
financials are also audited each year by an independent auditor with the assistance of the Fairlight
management company and the fund administrator.
The tables below show the S&P 500 total return and partnership net returns, after fees, for each year
2019-2025, followed by the compounded returns over the same period, as well as the annualized
gains.
Annual Returns
Year
Fairlight
Alpha Fund
S&P 500
(Total Return) Difference
20191 ……………………......... 38.1% 17.9% 20.1%
2020 …………………………. 26.3% 18.4% 7.9%
2021 …………………………. 146.5% 28.7% 117.8%
2022 …………………………. 15.8% -18.1% 33.9%
2023 …………………………. 6.9% 26.3% -19.4%
2024 …………………………. 13.6% 25.8% -12.2%
2025 …………………………. 66.2% 17.2% 49.1%
Compounded Returns
Year
Fairlight
Alpha Fund
S&P 500
(Total Return) Difference
20191 ……………………......... 38.1% 17.9% 20.1%
2020 …………………………. 74.4% 39.6% 34.7%
2021 …………………………. 329.9% 79.7% 250.2%
2022 …………………………. 397.9% 47.2% 350.7%
2023 …………………………. 432.2% 85.9% 346.4%
2024 …………………………. 504.6% 133.8% 370.8%
2025 …………………………. 904.9% 173.9% 731.0%
Annualized Gain …………………………. 40.1% 15.9% 24.2%
1 The Fairlight Alpha Fund was launched on 01-Mar-2019 and so the 2019 performance and returns are
presented for a 10-month period.
January 23, 2026
Fairlight Alpha Fund Partnership Q4 2025 Letter Page 2 of 8 info@fairlightcapital.com
(1) The S&P 500 returns represent the total return index, i.e., with dividend reinvestment
included. Increases in value arise from stock price appreciation as well as dividend
reinvestment. This provides a fairer comparison to the fund.
(2) The Fairlight Alpha Fund performance is shown net of partnership fees and expenses.
The fund outperformed the S&P 500 total return for 2025. This result was driven by a combination
of factors. This includes the significant appreciation of our junior gold and silver miner positions, the
successful realization of our investment theses across several sectors as well as an opportunistic short
position.
Markets
The year 2025 was an extraordinary one across many markets. Global equity markets initially rose,
continuing the bull theme of the prior year, until early April when “liberation day” ushered in a new
era of competitive globalization with the new US administration announcing a range of tariffs across
more than 180 countries and territories. This was explained as a strong, positive move for the US to
take back control of trading relationships and obtain a fairer deal, partly to help the US improve its
trading deficits with other large economic powers.
The equity market projected forward and saw this as a huge negative for the US and the global
economy, predicting that a global recession would ensue and that tariffs would be paid by the US
consumer and curtail growth in the US, as well as potentially cause a surge in inflation. Following
these April 2nd announcements the S&P 500 fell by 12.1% bottoming out on April 8th. However, as
time passed the negative effects of the tariffs didn’t materialize and the market continued its rally
until the end of the year, finishing up with a positive return of 16.4%.
In the Rates and Fixed Income world, the story was one of stabilization after the period of higher
rates for longer; the Fed started to slowly reduce rates and US corporate bonds had a minor rally.
Inflation remained stubbornly above the arbitrary 2% target of the major economies but remained
stable in most western economies over 2025. The ECB struggled with stagnation and cut rates more
aggressively, and Japan as an outlier raised rates (from very low levels) to effectively end the "Zero
Interest Rate Policy" (ZIRP) era for good.
Commodities across a range of elements had historic price action, with gold rising from $2,650/oz to
$4,400/oz, silver from $30/oz to $72/oz, and platinum from $900/oz to more than $2,100/oz. The
cause and effect of the gold rally has been the subject of much debate. However, whether you believe
this has been driven by central bank purchases, is a fear-driven rally, or is caused by a complete
change in sentiment and perspective on precious metals, the bottom line is that it happened. Oil held
steady throughout the year with seemingly opposing forces acting upon it. Demand continues to
increase and let’s not forget that this isn’t just energy driven, because oil is a critical input into
industrial processes, petrochemicals, plastics, fertilizers, pharmaceuticals, and a wide range of
modern materials. Even if all energy generation switched away from fossil fuels, at this point the
modern world can’t function without oil. Meanwhile OPEC has increased supply, but incremental
supply elsewhere increasingly depends on capital-heavy sources such as shale (fracking) and
deepwater projects, where decline rates are steep, costs are higher, and sustained output requires
continuous investment.
For cryptocurrencies, 2025 was a year of maturation. The bulls would have wanted large double-digit
increases across Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, but the story of the year appeared to be
stabilization. Ultimately this may prove to have been a good turning point for this new market and
highlight cryptocurrencies as a store of value, or it may signal the end of an era. Taken together,
these market outcomes represent second-order effects rather than primary drivers of our investment
process.
January 23, 2026
Fairlight Alpha Fund Partnership Q4 2025 Letter Page 3 of 8 info@fairlightcapital.com
Macro volatility, narrative shifts, and policy uncertainty can obscure underlying fundamentals,
creating security-level pricing distortions. And businesses that are growing, generating cash flow,
and improving fundamentally can remain mispriced because they sit outside prevailing narratives,
are misunderstood, or are in the early stages of inflections that have yet to be recognized by the
market. Our approach is designed to take advantage of all such dislocations wherever they arise,
whether they are created by macro themes, as seen in parts of the precious-metals complex this year,
or micro-distortions from misunderstood lines in a financial statement, overlooked disclosures, or
trends in key operating metrics.
Portfolio Performance
The top performers for us in 2025 include Monument Mining Limited, Serabi Gold plc, Logic
Instrument S.A., Shelly Group SE, and BranchOut Food Inc., among others. We will discuss the first
two together as they relate to the junior gold miner subsector. They both benefitted from increasing
gold sale prices, increased production and optimization, as well as excellent management.
Starting with Serabi Gold, we would point the interested reader towards an excellent interview with
the CEO Mike Hodgson released on September 13, 2024 by Crux Investor.2 This discussion covers
the future plans and projects for the company to reach a targeted 60,000oz of gold production, noting
that for 2024 they reached 37,520oz. Their strategy to achieve this growth includes commissioning
an ore sorter to enhance processed grades through color-based ore sorting, expanding exploration
activity, and improving the efficiency of ore transportation and logistics.
The ore sorter is now online and operating, and exploration continued through 2024 and 2025, with
some results still outstanding, and continued ramp up of the Coringa mine. Production for 2025 was
44,169oz with management guiding for 53,000oz to 57,000oz of gold production in 2026. The story
here, as with the other junior miners that we have invested in, is of increasing production against a
backdrop of high gold prices. It should be highlighted that our original thesis did not depend on
rising gold prices; they could have remained the same, or even fallen and the valuations would still
have been cheap.
Serabi and many of the other miners still remain cheap, arguably as cheap as when we first
purchased them as the market catches up to the current reality of the cash flow that is being
generated by these companies. If we assume the lower end of management guidance for production
and assume a 20% drop in gold prices, combined with the historical AISC, this gives an operating
cash flow of $111 million (with no change in gold price this would be $162 million). Compare this to
the enterprise value of Serabi which currently stands at $340 million3.
Similarly, Monument Mining has been ramping up production of gold from their sulphide ore mine
(having smartly switched from oxide ore processing several years ago). They reached a level of
production of 13,092oz in Q1, 2026 (quarter ending September 30, 2025), as well as reaching a level
of cash of $62 million. Again, management has been excellent here, increasing operational
efficiency, production levels, as well as funding new exploration from cash flow. The hidden
optionality here is the Murchison mine complex in Australia. Even if we assign zero value to this
asset we still reach the conclusion that this name is currently too cheap.
Monument Mining is also exceptionally efficient having achieved AISC levels in the region of
$1,000/oz to $1,100/oz. Taking the current production run rate (which of course may vary), current
2 See the video link here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-TX7D100r1c
3 Please bear in mind that all valuations, prices, and market cap calculations were correct at the time of writing.
The market is moving so quickly now that these may have changed substantially by the time you read this.
January 23, 2026
Fairlight Alpha Fund Partnership Q4 2025 Letter Page 4 of 8 info@fairlightcapital.com
gold sale prices give an approximate 2026 operating cash flow of $192 million. Monument currently
trades at an enterprise value of $250 million.
Investors may instinctively fear a stock that has risen 600%, assuming the 'easy money' has been
made. In the case of Monument, we believe this is a mistake. In August 2024, investors were paying
~1.1x operating cash flow for what was arguably a more risky business than today, because it hadn’t
fully optimized and ramped up production and operations. Today, after the stock has appreciated by
600%, we are still only paying ~1.25x operating cash flow for a fully operational mine that has now
re-ramped up gold production using sulphide ore.
The market is offering us a paradox that is sometimes seen in deep value stocks: the stock price has
risen by a large margin, but the valuation remains very similar to 18 months ago. We are effectively
buying a de-risked asset today for the same 'distress' multiple paid before. This return may seem
large and perhaps deter new investors, but was largely a result of the equity market catching up with
gold price movements. There is also one other gold mining name that we believe is extremely
undervalued, we won’t mention it here just yet, but interested readers can refer to our recent
Substack posts.
Looking at the rest of the portfolio, there were several other contributors to performance in the last
year across a variety of sectors including technology, energy, and consumer discretionary. Starting
with technology the largest contributor was Logic Instrument, a manufacturer and distributor of
robust laptops, tablets, and other devices. We have discussed this name elsewhere but we believe this
business has a very strong moat within a niche subsector.
Their salesforce has built up a unique set of relationships with a customer base across Europe that is
revealed periodically when new deals are announced. In addition, the nature of the business is such
that new entry is difficult because of the high level of certification requirements for these devices in
terms of their ability to withstand high temperatures, pressures, and shocks within inhospitable
environments. These products sell into military, exploration, research, and industrial applications and
use cases. Geographically, their competition is also reduced due to the embedded nature of the
company across Europe, with any similar companies having different market focus and niches within
the industry. There has been some comparison to generic device manufacturers and distributors, but
this misses the niche requirements of this business.
The valuation for Logic Instrument is still extremely cheap, even with the price having run up 96%
since we first started purchasing. In that time, sales have increased from €27 million to an
approximate run rate now of over €40 million. It should be highlighted that the CEO, Loïc Poirier, is
very bullish on the company, but has had a recent tendency to overpromise on growth (perhaps
understandably he is overly optimistic). In 2025 he stated that revenues would be €40 million, but
they fell short to €32 million.
For 2026 he has stated that sales will be more than €75 million. This may seem like a stretch in terms
of the growth that would be required to reach this figure, but bear in mind the company will now be
including full-year revenues from their Distrame purchase (estimated to add €26 million alone),
billing from the German defense sector (some of which slipped from 2025, hence the reduced
revenue), and additional sales from the GLACIER and Artic businesses.
Even if sales fall short of these estimates they will have increased significantly from 2024 levels.
With the market cap under €17 million, this is a significantly undervalued company. For a company
of this size, it is reasonable to estimate that pre-tax earnings margins could increase above 8% at a
conservative 2026 revenue of €50 million, or €4 million pre-tax earnings. In a more bullish scenario
with revenues of €75 million, and increased margins of 10%, we get to around €8 million pre-tax
earnings. Reaching this level would make the valuation disconnect hard for the market to ignore.
January 23, 2026
Fairlight Alpha Fund Partnership Q4 2025 Letter Page 5 of 8 info@fairlightcapital.com
Shelly Group has been discussed extensively elsewhere and is more of a well-known name. Suffice
to say it shows all the hallmarks of being a long-term compounder, having grown revenues by 40.2%
in 2024 and 44.0% 1H 2025 year-on-year. It has some competition, but within its pricing model
looks capable of dominating residential IoT.
The clever move here has been the pivot from 'hobbyist' roots into the professional infrastructure
channel. The DIN-rail 'Pro' line is fast becoming a standard for electricians in the DACH region. The
software strategy is also excellent, integrating with ecosystems like Home Assistant and KNX rather
than fighting them, which we think positions Shelly as the pragmatic winner in a fragmented market.
Finally, BranchOut Food is a very interesting situation. This company, founded by Eric Healy4, a
former mechanical engineer at Boeing, is a producer of dried foods using a novel technique called
GentleDryTM. This process combines a partial vacuum with gentle microwave heating to dry out and
create a variety of foods such as salted bell pepper chips, crunchy strawberry halves and crunchy
pineapple chips. As opposed to freeze drying, the chips retain more color, flavor and nutrients (95%
of the original is preserved) and the process is lower cost.
The company is based in Oregon, but its manufacturing base is in Peru near the farms that create this
produce, so shipping and production costs are reduced and food is fresh. They buy “ugly” produce
that reduces costs, increases farm income, reduces waste, and has no impact on the final dried
product. They have three business segments: branded retail, private label (for the largest retailer in
the US and the largest warehouse club5), and ingredients. Each of these areas has been expanding
rapidly. With production only starting late 2024, the company has roughly doubled sales each year
since 2022. In 2024 sales were $6.5 million, estimated sales for 2025 should be in the region of $14
million, and the potential is for $30 million in 2026.
They are scaling rapidly to achieve this with sales across an estimated 4,000 locations. One of their
main challenges to date has been keeping up with demand. Several times in 2025 they had to resort
to air shipping products to retailers to meet deadlines, which has caused costs to be higher than under
a more optimal production-shipping cycle. In spite of this they reached breakeven in September 2025
and with increasing volumes and reduced additional marginal costs (they can increase production at
the same facility) more of the value of these sales will drop to the bottom line.
In spite of this rapid growth, national-level partnerships, and unique food technology, the company is
priced as a risky startup. It currently trades at $40 million, or around 30% above this year’s projected
revenues, with a high likelihood of free cash flow generation this year. It also has a great series of
moats, with 17 patents on food production processes, unique national level customer partnerships,
and license protections from the REV machine manufacturer, EnWave.
This story continues, but management has achieved a huge amount of progress and seems to be on
the cusp of enjoying the fruits of all their labor. By the end of this year this could be a business that
is trading on a current basis of 60-70% of revenues, 6-8× earnings, and growth far north of 50% per
annum.
The Hidden Recession
We follow a process whereby we look through name by name, across the major exchanges of the
world, for good investment ideas. We use several approaches, but focusing on the manual A-Z search
4 Eric also has the pedigree of coming from the family that created Kettle chips and the Kona Brewing
company.
5 Guess who.
January 23, 2026
Fairlight Alpha Fund Partnership Q4 2025 Letter Page 6 of 8 info@fairlightcapital.com
process yields some interesting insights. After reading through thousands of financials, filings, web
pages, and company announcements there are glimpses of trends hidden when looking at traditional
news sources, financial press, or market commentary.
One striking observation is the surprisingly robust economy and economic results that are being
produced in the US and other members of the G-10. This is usually, and correctly, assigned to the
growth in the use of AI, related technologies and the money flowing into those areas of the economy.
But this is not the picture that is revealed from looking at revenue growth, or lack thereof, and
income statements of companies operating in diverse countries, and across many other sectors.
There, the picture, time and time again, is of slowing growth, companies losing steam, or growth that
has stalled and started to contract.
This is a very striking pattern. Outside of AI and related tech, apart from some notable exceptions,
the majority of companies are facing strong headwinds with increasing costs and reducing revenues.
Perhaps this is partly the supply chain whiplash effect playing out after several years of gains post-
Covid, but there seem to be other forces at work.
Turning to the mainstream media appears to provide some clues. This week, coverage of Davos has
flooded the news networks. The agenda was predictably dominated by AI, robotics, energy
requirements, and compute power constraints. In stark contrast, scant attention was paid to the
foundational pillars of the real economy: housing construction, food, consumer goods, and retail.
It is clear that CapEx is being diverted from across the non-technology areas of the global economy
to fuel the AI boom and infrastructure rollout. It appears that this is driving a near-recession in all
other sectors across the globe. At this point, this trend shows no signs of stopping or slowing, so it
will be very illuminating to continue to monitor it as we review individual investments. It seems wise
to focus on areas benefitting from this large spending wave, either within related technologies, or in
adjacent industries that will grow due to the creation of local LLMs, Edge AI, and Embodied AI.
Outlook and Partnership
We continue to navigate the market, filtering stocks to unearth fresh ideas, analyze their fit, and
optimize the portfolio. We pursue investments that combine high growth, exceptional value, and
have strong inflection drivers, all while remaining anchored by disciplined risk management.
Our mandate is to compound capital over the long term, with aligned co-investors, while protecting
the downside. If this approach resonates with the way you or your institution calibrates risk and
reward, and you would like to partner with us, feel free to reach out.
For more frequent investment ideas please visit our Substack, which is free for our investors. We
welcome any enquiries, questions, or feedback.
Yours,
Chief Executive Officer: Andrew Martin
Email: andrewm@fairlightcapital.com
January 23, 2026
Fairlight Alpha Fund Partnership Q4 2025 Letter Page 7 of 8 info@fairlightcapital.com
Head of Marketing and Investor Relations: Michael Saunders
Email: michaels@fairlightcapital.com
Fairlight Capital LLC,
500, West Putnam Avenue,
Greenwich, CT 06830
203-542-7325 | info@fairlightcapital.com
January 23, 2026
Fairlight Alpha Fund Partnership Q4 2025 Letter Page 8 of 8 info@fairlightcapital.com
THIS IS NOT AN OFFERING OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO PURCHASE AN
INTEREST IN FAIRLIGHT ALPHA FUND LP (THE “FUND”).  ANY SUCH OFFER OR
SOLICITATION WILL ONLY BE MADE TO QUALIFIED INVESTORS BY MEANS OF A
CONFIDENTIAL OFFERING MEMORANDUM AND ONLY IN THOSE JURISDICTIONS
WHERE PERMITTED BY LAW. SPECIFICALLY, THIS DOCUMENT IS NOT INTENDED
FOR PERSONS IN THE EEA OR THE UK. ANY ENGAGEMENT WITH SUCH INVESTORS IS
STRICTLY ON A REVERSE-SOLICITATION BASIS.
AN INVESTMENT IN THE FUNDS IS SPECULATIVE AND INVOLVES A HIGH DEGREE OF
RISK. OPPORTUNITIES FOR WITHDRAWAL, REDEMPTION AND TRANSFERABILITY OF
INTERESTS ARE RESTRICTED, SO INVESTORS MAY NOT HAVE ACCESS TO CAPITAL
WHEN IT IS NEEDED. THERE IS NO SECONDARY MARKET FOR THE INTERESTS AND
NONE IS EXPECTED TO DEVELOP.
THE FEES AND EXPENSES CHARGED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS INVESTMENT MAY
BE HIGHER THAN THE FEES AND EXPENSES OF OTHER INVESTMENT ALTERNATIVES
AND MAY OFFSET PROFITS.  NO ASSURANCE CAN BE GIVEN THAT THE INVESTMENT
OBJECTIVE WILL BE ACHIEVED OR THAT AN INVESTOR WILL RECEIVE A RETURN OF
ALL OR PART OF HIS OR HER INVESTMENT. INVESTMENT RESULTS MAY VARY
SUBSTANTIALLY OVER ANY GIVEN TIME PERIOD.
THE PERFORMANCE DATA SHOWN HEREIN REPRESENTS THE PERFORMANCE OF
THE FUND.  THE RESULTS REFLECT THE DEDUCTION OF: (I) AN ANNUAL ASSET
MANAGEMENT FEE OF 2%, CHARGED QUARTERLY; (II) A PERFORMANCE
ALLOCATION OF  20%, TAKEN QUARTERLY, SUBJECT TO A “HIGH WATER MARK;”
AND (III) TRANSACTION FEES AND OTHER EXPENSES ACTUALLY INCURRED BY THE
FUND.  THE RESULTS REFLECT THE IMPLEMENTATION OF THE INVESTMENT
STRATEGY DESCRIBED IN THE FUNDS’ OFFERING DOCUMENTS AND APPLIED IN THE
FUNDS’ TRADING ACCOUNTS.  ALL INVESTMENTS INVOLVE RISK, INCLUDING THE
LOSS OF PRINCIPAL.
RESULTS ARE COMPARED TO THE PERFORMANCE OF THE S&P 500 TOTAL RETURN
INDEX (THE “COMPARATIVE INDEX”) FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY.  THE
FUND’S INVESTMENT PROGRAM DOES NOT MIRROR THE COMPARATIVE INDEX AND
THE VOLATILITY OF THE FUND’S INVESTMENT PROGRAM MAY BE MATERIALLY
DIFFERENT FROM THAT OF THE COMPARATIVE INDEX.  THE SECURITIES OR OTHER
INSTRUMENTS INCLUDED IN THE COMPARATIVE INDEX ARE NOT NECESSARILY
INCLUDED IN THE FUND’S INVESTMENT PROGRAM AND CRITERIA FOR INCLUSION
IN THE COMPARATIVE INDEX ARE DIFFERENT THAN THOSE FOR INVESTMENT BY
THE FUND.  THE PERFORMANCE OF THE COMPARATIVE INDEX WAS OBTAINED
FROM PUBLISHED SOURCES BELIEVED TO BE RELIABLE, BUT WHICH ARE NOT
WARRANTED AS TO ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS.  UNLESS NOTED OTHERWISE,
THE RETURNS OF THE COMPARATIVE INDEX PRESENTED HEREIN DO NOT REFLECT
FEES OR TRANSACTION COSTS, BUT THOSE RETURNS DO REFLECT NET DIVIDENDS,
IF ANY.
PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS.