2 Grand Central Tower • 140 East 45 th  Street, 24 th  Floor • New York, NY 10017
Phone: 212-973-1900 • Fax 212-973-9219 • www.greenlightcapital.com
January 20, 2026
Dear Partner:
The Greenlight Capital funds (the “Partnership s”) returned 9.0% in 2025, net of fees and
expenses, compared to 17.9% for the S&P 500 inde x. In the fourth quarter, the Partnerships
returned 8.5%, while the S&P 500 index returned 2.7%. Since the inception of Greenlight
Capital in May 1996, the Partnerships have returned 3,406% cumulatively or 12.7% annualized,
both net of fees and expenses. Over the sa me period, the S&P 500 index has returned 1,693%
or 10.2% annualized. Greenlight’s investors have earned $6.1 billion, net of fees and expenses,
since inception.
1
Many have reached out to express concern over New York City’s new mayor. We confess to
sharing some of that apprehension. Afterall, we are not Democratic Socialists. However, when
we hear President Trump say things like, “I, as President of the United States, am calling for a
one year cap on Credit Card Interest Rates of  10%,” and “We [the government] should take
stakes in companies when peopl e need something,” perhaps c oncerns about socialism should
extend beyond the five boroughs. We wonder if in a few years there will be a trivia game called,
“Who said it: Trump or Mamdani?”
As we reflect on these uncertainties and thin k about our investment strategy and portfolio
construction, our goal is to build a bottom-up portfolio of equity longs that are absolutely cheap
and, where possible, misunderstood,  paired with a portfolio of equity shorts that are over-
valued, poorly understood and deteriorating. We complement this with a macro book, partly
designed to hedge macro risks and partly to cap ture macro insights. We may also use index
positions to adjust overall exposure to align wi th our top-down thinking. In a typical year, we
would expect most of our performance to come from the long-s hort book, with a small
contribution from macro.
For 2025, we made all our return and alpha in the macro portfolio, as shown in the table below:
Gross Contributio
n Net Contribution Alpha2
Longs  3.6% 2.4% -8.8%
Shorts  -6.4% -6.3% 9.3%
Shorts (index)    0.2% 0.1% 0.0%
Macro  14.4%
12.8%  13.9%
Total  11.8% 9.0%  14.5%
1  Past performance is not indicative of future results. Pleas e refer to information contained in the disclosures at the
end of the letter.
2  Alpha is calculated using the gross returns, on a positi on-by-position basis, against a local market index for longs,
shorts and indexes. Non-equity related macro positions assume a beta of zero.
Page 2
GREENLIGHT®
All told, by our calculation we generated 14.5%  of alpha, which on its own is a perfectly
acceptable result. Macro investing continued to shine, even as the long-short portfolio lagged.
When we have a macro insight, the goal is to express it as directly as possible, such that we are
most likely to succeed or fail based on the insight itself. For example, if we are bullish on gold,
copper or interest rates, we should own gold, copper or interest rates. We judge our strategy in
this regard to have been effective. Others might express a similar view by being long equities
of mining companies or interest rate-sensitive financial institutions. If we try to express our
view on copper by owning equity in a copper mi ning company, we are also exposed to what
happens at the mines or to hedging decisions made by the company.
On the other hand, we are neither bullish nor bearish on coal prices. We own Core Natural
Resources (CNR) because we believe that coal stocks in general are hated, and we believe we
own a superior asset, at a very attractive valuation, run by capable operators. Of course, we are
subject to commodity price fluctuations and mi ne operations, neither of which went our way
this year. Coal prices fell and one of CNR’s mines had a fire.
It was a challenging year in th e long-short portfolio. In genera l, the economy was quite weak
in the sectors in which we were long. We own mostly established businesses that provide goods
or services and are therefore subject to macro risk. We can contrast this with companies that
hope to provide goods or services in the some times-distant future, wh ere investors are less
concerned with current business results, ma king a slower economy less impactful on the
narrative.
From a pure macro perspective, it was a tough year for homebuilding, chemicals, packaging,
coal, oil services, agriculture and persona l computers. A good chunk of the economy is
experiencing a cyclical downturn (some might even say a recession). A large percentage of our
longs in these sectors earned less in 2025 than we anticipated at the beginning of the year. Many
of the disappointments stemmed from circumstances beyond management’s control and do not
reflect a deterioration in the long-term outlook for these businesses.
Typically, in cyclical businesses, when earnings fall short for cyclical reasons, the P/E multiples
expand (unless the deterioration creates a risk of insolvency). The idea is that the market should
be willing to pay a higher multiple on trough earnings. Unfortunately, this has not happened to
most of our companies. The earnings fell short, and the multiples held steady or even contracted
a bit.
We did have a few notable successes in the long portfolio this year. The highlights were:
• Brighthouse Financial (BHF): After years of  frustration, the comp any put itself up for
sale, which led to a sale process that cu lminated in a buyer ag reeing to purchase the
company. While the valuation at less than tw o-thirds of book valu e is not exciting, it
does provide us with a reasonable exit from a challenged situation. We likely will write
more about this after we do, in fact, exit.
Page 3
GREENLIGHT®
• The Fluor/NuScale Power stub (FLR/SMR): FL R owned the majority of SMR, which
essentially went parabolic. We anticipated FLR would dispose of its SMR stake and use
the proceeds to repurchase its own shares, and this is exactly what is happening. The
result of the heavy sales by FLR combined with SMR’s very speculative valuation has
led to a sharp decline in SMR, while FLR has been largely stable. The result is that the
value of our stub position increased substantially.
• Victoria’s Secret (VSCO): A prior management team nearly destroyed one of the most
well-known brands in the world. To be mo re politically correct, it got rid of sexy and
eliminated its world-famous fashion s how. New management is reversing those
decisions and the brand is beginning to rec over. The stock, which was all but left for
dead, is beginning to reflect the brand’s recovery.
• Teva Pharmaceuticals (TEVA): The company c ontinued to deliver rapid growth in its
patented branded portfolio, with results consistently exceeding expectations. The
market began to reflect this progress only after policy headwi nds eased, including a
negotiated pricing agreement with the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services for
TEVA’s drug Austedo beginning in 2027. These developments more than offset muted
performance in the generics business and highlight the progress TEVA has made in its
transition to a branded pharmaceutical company.
Many of the remaining large names in our long portfolio suffered for the reasons described
above, though thankfully we didn’t suffer any major meltdowns. The closest would be Lanxess
(Germany: LXS), which suffered a cyclical decline and a loss of market share to China in one
of its three segments. We believ e that other cyclical names that hurt us, including CNH
Industrial (CNH), CNR, Graphic Packaging (GPK), Solvay (Belgium: SOLB) and United Parks
& Resorts (PRKS) will likely recover in due co urse. Green Brick Partners (GRBK) also faced
strong cyclical headwinds, but  the stock still managed to gain 11%, while most other
homebuilders were flat or down.
The short portfolio performed the opposite of the long portfol io. Most of the companies faced
difficult economic conditions and underperformed the market or declined outright. Our shorts
of high-multiple consumer companies with primarily Democratic customers did well. Various
homebuilder and housing-related shorts also perf ormed well. One short that bedeviled us in
2024 suffered a sharp reversal in early 2025, allowing us to recover a chunk of our prior losses.
The SMR short component of the FLR/SMR st ub trade contributed positively. Finally, the
double-levered MicroStrategy ETFs (MSTU and MSTX) fell about 90%.
Nonetheless, the short portfolio lost money in 2025. While it is difficult to fu lly explain the
result without disclosing names, we can offer the following observations:
We suffered from one short that did not have  remarkable overall stock performance (the
operating results were far below beginning-of-year expectations) but had a lot of volatility,
which we traded poorly. A second short which had been successful for several years and
appeared to be on the path to bankruptcy instead became a meme stock, resulting in the loss of
our previous profits and then some. A third short is a money-losing insurance company that has
Page 4
GREENLIGHT®
attracted a cultish following. A fourth short is a money-losing medical devices company that
will likely face competition and market saturation before it turns an acceptable profit but
achieved revenue growth in 2025 that was a few pe rcent better than expected. Finally, we had
one AI-centered short that went against us. Ultimately, we expect this company to fail.
Fortunately, the position was of appropriate small size at inception. Our overall exposure to AI
remains quite small, though we did initiate a new medium-sized short in the fourth quarter.
Turning to macro, nearly all our 2025 investme nts were successful. Obviously, gold was the
highlight. Gold had an exceptional year and appreciated 64%. While our core thesis on gold is
that imprudent fiscal and monetary policies in the world’s largest countries will eventually
cause a significant problem, at which point it will make sense to  hold a lot of gold, we do not
believe that was the primary driver this year. Instead, as the U.S. is losing its hegemonic
leadership and has demonstrated serious risk to counterparties through, among other things, the
freezing of Russian reserve assets and unstable tariff policy, other countries are seeking to
reduce their exposure to dollars for reserves and for trade. The result is that many foreign central
banks are increasing gold reserves and establishing it as an alternative to settling global trade
in dollars.
Notably, it appears that gold is being re-monetized within official government channels. This,
of course, is what the bitcoin crowd thought would happen for bitcoin (we still aren’t sure what
the Fartcoin people thought might happen). Compared to a year ago at least, it has become more
likely that gold will remain gold and bitcoin will fail to take over as digital gold.
Copper was another notable winner, as our medium-sized long position, expressed via options
on copper futures, performed very well. Copper prices rose about 40% in 2025, as the AI world
needs more copper and supply remains limited. Further, several large mines around the world
experienced production shortfalls.
We also had a notable gain in interest rate futures, where we correctly anticipated that the U.S.
Federal Reserve would cut rates further than the market expected. We had several other smaller
gains in the macro book (includi ng sovereign debt and foreign currency) and a small loss on
inflation swaps, as inflation e xpectations declined modestly and realized inflation came in
around market expectations.
From a top-down perspective, we continue to be concerned about market valuations. We believe
that the U.S. equity market is the most expensive we’ve seen since we began managing money,
and arguably in the history of the United States. It isn’t just our skepticism about AI stocks;
speculative behavior among retail investors is palpable. Many others have gone to great lengths
to explain the market valuation issue. Their work is easy to find, and we won’t try to replicate
it here.
From a long-term perspective, we still believe that this is not a great time to have a lot of equity
exposure. Admittedly, this has been  our view for the last couple of years, and yet the market
has continued to advance. In 2025, our daily correlation to the market was -0.11.
Page 5
GREENLIGHT®
Our top-down caution has prevented us from part icipating in the Beta that the market has
offered.  However, we see many things that could go wrong and believe our cautious behavior
will ultimately be rewarded by having cash on ha nd to invest in an improved opportunity set.
In the meantime, our goal is to achieve a reasonable result, while not getting run over by being
too bearish. On this basis, we judge 2025 to be an adequate, if uninspiring, result.
We initiated several small long positions during the quarter.
Antero Resources (AR) is a natural gas exploration and production company with operations in
the Marcellus Shale in West Virginia. The compa ny operates at the low end of the cost curve
and has a stable production profile with signif icant acreage. In December, AR announced an
acquisition that we believe will be accretive to earnings and will extend the runway of its future
production. We acquired our shares at an aver age price of $33.92, implying an 11% free cash
flow yield. AR shares ended the quarter at $34.46.
Deckers Outdoor (DECK) designs, markets and distributes footwear and apparel, including the
Hoka (running shoes) and UGG (casual luxury co ld-weather shoes) brands. DECK stock
declined after it posted disappointing results early in 2025, which were impacted by tariff
uncertainty, a warehouse transition in Europe, and warm weather during the early part of the
UGG selling season. As Hoka expands internationall y, we expect growth to re-accelerate and
believe the company will use its strong balan ce sheet, including net cash equal to roughly 9%
of its market capitalization, to increase the pace of stock repurchases. We acquired our shares
at an average price of $85.49. DECK ended the quarter at $103.67.
Global Payments (GPN) is a payments processor serving mostly small and mid-size merchants
in the U.S. After exiting the position in 2023 at $108.61, we re-ac quired shares at an average
price of $77.85. In 2024, the company surprised investors by announcing a two-step transaction
to sell its issuer processing business and acquire Worldpay. Wh ile the market did not like the
announcement, we understand the logic behind it and the likely synergies it should create. Pro
forma, GPN is targeting $5 bill ion of free cash flow in 2028, whic h equates to nearly 25% of
the current pro forma combined market capitalization. Once the Worldpay transaction closes,
we expect GPN’s consistent history of organic growth and its commitment to return nearly $7
billion to shareholders (one-third of the ma rket cap) over the next two years to be better
appreciated by the market and to provide runway  for the shares to re-rate higher. GPN ended
the quarter at $77.40.
Henry Schein (HSIC) is a lead ing distributor of dental and medical products. Since COVID,
cost inefficiencies have led to margin erosion that we believe is now set to be addressed by
newly installed activist board members and a pending CEO change. Should the company be
successful in correcting these issues and imp roving its e-commerce capabilities, we expect
margin improvement that will lead to significant free cash flow generation and share buybacks.
We purchased our shares at an  average price of $68.11. HSIC sh ares ended the quarter at
$75.58.
Spectrum Brands Holdings (SPB) is a consumer products company focused on pet care, home
& garden, and home & personal care (HPC). Th e company faced challenges in 2025 that now
Page 6
GREENLIGHT®
appear largely behind it, and we expect SPB to return to growth this year. There is also potential
for the company to realize proceeds from a dive stiture of its HPC segment, which we believe
the market currently values at zero. In the meantime, the company is returning capital through
sizeable share repurchases. We acquired our sh ares at an average price of $52.75, and SPB
ended the quarter at $59.08.
Warner Bros. Discovery (WBD) is a media cong lomerate that owns HBO, the Warner Bros.
Studio and content librar y, and various linear cable networks . We acquired our shares at an
average price of $22.66 after Paramount Skydance (PSKY) bid $23.50 for the company, as we
expected additional bidders to emerge. Shortly  thereafter, Netflix submitted a $27.75 bid for
WBD’s streaming and studio assets, prompting PSKY to raise its offer to $30 per share. We
believe a sale in the low- to mid-$30s is the most likely outcome. WBD shares ended the quarter
at $28.82.
We exited HP Inc. (HPQ) with a tiny gain and Seadrill (SDR L) with a tiny loss. In both
instances, our initial thesis was correct and we had early gains, but we overstayed our welcome.
In HPQ’s case, we benefited from the Windows re fresh cycle. However, AI computers have
not materialized into a notable upswing in bus iness. Prospectively, the company faces a new
challenge from soaring memory prices that are likely to force substantial increases in PC prices
and could have a large negative impact on volume s and/or margins. We therefore decided to
exit.
In SDRL’s case, our thesis rested on rising day rates for drilling rigs. We missed the inflection
and wound up with an unremarkable outcome.
At the end of the quarter, Gav Balasingam depa rted Greenlight and will  be taking some time
off before beginning his next adventure. Best of luck, Gav!
After our first few years building Greenlight, we closed the funds with limited exceptions
between 2000 and 2019. Even during our difficult period from 2015-2018, when we had poor
performance and experienced substantial redempti ons, we remained closed. It has never been
our goal to manage a large amount of assets.
However, in May 2020, we expressed our belief that it was a good time to invest in Greenlight
and decided to begin repopulating our investor  base. Since then, th e Partnerships have
generated annualized performance of 21%, comp ared to 18% for the S&P 500, with a daily
correlation to the market of 0.12, and no down years.
We’ve had fundraising success and rebuilt our asse t base with a large and diverse group of
investors. We are again at a si ze that supports the business a nd have decided to close the
Partnerships on July 1. While we don’t know what  the future will bring, our base expectation
is that we will remain closed, perhaps indefi nitely. Nonetheless, as we’ve met with many
current and prospective investors, we promised that we would give proper notice before closing,
allowing time to complete diligence and reach a final decision. Consider th is letter to be that
notice. If you are interest ed in investing, please indicate that to us no later than May 1. It is
Page 7
GREENLIGHT®
possible that if there is substantial interest by this deadline, we may ask that new investments
be staged to minimize por tfolio disruption. If you’d like to di scuss this in more detail, please
contact Jason.
At year-end, the largest disclosed long positions in the Partnerships were Brighthouse Financial,
Core Natural Resources, Fluor, Green Brick Partners and Solv ay. The Partnerships had an
average exposure of 89% long and 50% short.
“You measure the size of the accomplishment by the obstacles
you had to overcome to reach your goals.”
– Booker T. Washington
Best Regards,
Greenlight Capital
Page 8
GREENLIGHT®
The information contained herein reflects the opi nions, estimates and projec tions of DME Capital
Management, LP d/b/a Greenlight Capital (collec tively with its affiliates and predecessor entity,
“Greenlight”) as of the date of publication, whic h are subject to change without notice at any time
subsequent to the date of issue. Greenlight does not  represent that any opinion, estimate or projection will
be realized. All information provided is for info rmational purposes only and s hould not be deemed as
investment advice or a recommendation to purchase or sell any specific security. Greenlight has an
economic interest in the price movement of the securities discussed in this letter, but Greenlight’s economic
interest is subject to change without notice. While the information presented herein is believed to be reliable,
no representation or warranty is made concerning the accuracy of any data presented.
GREENLIGHT® and GREENLIGHT CAPITAL, INC. with the star logo are registered trademarks of
Greenlight in the United States, European Union and other countries worldwide. All other trade names,
trademarks and service marks herein are the property of  their respective owners who retain all proprietary
rights over their use. These materials are (a) confid ential and may not be disclosed, distributed or
reproduced without the prior written permission of Green light, and (b) intended so lely for the use of the
person to whom the materials have been delivered by Greenlight.
Unless otherwise noted, performance returns reflect th e weighted average total returns, net of fees and
expenses, for “New Issue Eligible” investors invested in, to the extent each fund was in existence, the dollar
interests of Greenlight Capital LP and Greenlight Capital Offshore Ltd. and the predecessors to those funds
(collectively, the “Partnerships”). Performance returns generally include all positions held at the master and
feeder funds, but exclude the gold interests. The perfo rmance of the dollar interests and the gold interests
have been different. Upon request, Greenlight will provide the specific performance of each type of interest
to help investors understand these differences over time. Returns are net of the weighted average of the
actual management fees paid by investors and either the modified high water mark performance allocation
of 10% or the standard 20% performance allocation appli cable to an investor who invested at inception of
Greenlight, in accordance with the Confidential Offering Memorandum for the funds. Combined
performance of components of the Partnerships is  presented for illustrative purposes only and does not
reflect the performance or risk profile of any i ndividual fund. Please contact Greenlight for additional
information regarding the performance of the portf olios from which this information was derived or
extracted. The 2024 annual return is net of the modi fied high water mark performance allocation of 10%.
This is the performance allocation applicable to an investor whose capital account is below its modified
high water mark. Investors whose capital accounts are not below their modified high water marks would
experience different performance. An investor’s actual returns may differ from the returns presented due to
several factors, including the timing of each investor’s capital activity, the applicable management fee rate,
which may be greater or less than the weighted aver age of actual management fees depending on the date
and amount of such investor’s capital contribution, and the applicable performance allocation rate, which
may be 10% or 20% depending on whether such invest or is below such investor’s modified high water
mark.
All figures are unaudited. Greenlight does not undertake to update any information contained herein as a
result of audit adjustments or other corrections. Past performance is not indicative of future results. Each
investor will receive individual statements from the funds’ administrator showing actual returns. Reference
to an index does not imply that the Partnerships will achieve returns, volatility or other results similar to
the index. The S&P 500 is a long-only index of primarily large-cap stocks used to represent the performance
of the U.S. stock market. Greenlight funds take long and short positions and may invest in non-U.S. and
non-equity securities, and therefore differ (often mate rially) from the composition of the index. The total
returns for the index do not reflect the deduction of any fees or expenses which would reduce returns.
All exposure information is calculated on a delta-a djusted basis and excludes “macro” positions, which
may include, but are not limited to, government debt, currencies, commodities, credit default swaps, interest
rate swaps, volatility indexes, credit indexes and derivatives on any of these instruments. However, equity
Page 9
GREENLIGHT®
indexes and derivatives on such instruments are included in long/short exposure. The largest disclosed long
positions represent individual issuers to which the Part nerships have the highest exposure. Greenlight, in
its discretion and in the interest of investor protection, may exclude from this list any position that has not
been disclosed but would otherwise be included, and instead include the Partnerships’ next largest position.
All weighting, exposure, attribution and performance contribution information is inclusive of positions held
both directly and indirectly through the master fund, reflects estimates of the weighted average of such
figures for investments by Greenlight Capital LP and Gr eenlight Capital Offshore Ltd. (excluding gold
interests), and is the result of classifications and assumptions made in the sole judgment of Greenlight. All
exposure calculations include the impact of month-end redemptions and subscriptions as of the first day of
the following month.
Net performance contributions by attribution cate gory apply an allocation of operating expenses,
management fee and performance allocation to the a pplicable gross contribution. These pro forma net
contributions are shown for illus trative purposes only to meet regulatory requirements. Different
assumptions than those made by Greenlight can result in different net performance contributions at the
category level. A description of the calculation methodology is available upon request.
Changes in quoted prices and market returns of publicly traded investments do not reflect the deduction of
fees or expenses from the Partnerships. These fees and expenses are reflected in the net performance of the
Partnerships.
The fund terms, performance return s, and portfolio characteristics re flected in this document are not
indicative of future returns or portfolio characteristics and do not modify the terms of the funds as detailed
in each fund’s Confidential Offering Memorandum. No guarantee or representation is made that
Greenlight’s investment program, including, without lim itation, its investment objective, diversification
strategies or risk monitoring goals, will be successful. Investment results may vary substantially over time.
No assurance can be made that profits will be achieved or that substantial or complete losses will not be
incurred.
With respect to the investment strategy utilized by Greenlight, there is always a significant degree of market
risk, including the risk of a co mplete loss of capital. Greenlight may employ speculative investment
strategies, such as the use of leverage, short selling,  derivatives trading and commodity interests trading,
which involve the potential for significant risk of loss. Prospective investors should be aware that they will
be required to bear the financial risks of this inv estment for an indefinite period of time. Prospective
investors should read the more detailed Risk Factors contained in the Confidential Offering Memorandum.
The specific investments identified and described are not representative of all the positions held, purchased
or sold, and in the aggregate, the information may represent a small percentage of activity. It should not be
assumed that any position identified has been or will be  profitable. There can be no guarantee that similar
investment opportunities will be available in the future or that Greenlight will be able to exploit similar
investment opportunities should they arise. The informa tion presented is intended to provide insight into
the noteworthy events, in the sole opinion of Greenlight, affecting the Partnerships. The opinions expressed
represent the current, good faith views of Greenlight at the time of publication and are provided for limited
purposes, are not definitive investment advice, and should not be relied on as such.
THESE MATERIALS SHALL NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE SOLICITATION
OF AN OFFER TO BUY ANY INTERESTS IN ANY FUND MANAGED BY GREENLIGHT OR ANY
OF ITS AFFILIATES. SUCH AN OFFER TO S ELL OR SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY
INTERESTS MAY ONLY BE MADE PURSUANT TO DEFINITIVE SUBSCRIPTION DOCUMENTS
BETWEEN A FUND AND AN INVESTOR.