2026 NEW YEAR LETTER FROM OUR FOUNDERS
1 | January 2026
Dear Clients and Friends:
Some clients have remarked upon the private investment funds we’ve been presenting in recent years—and
presenting with some greater frequency.
From real-asset royalty funds to more than one private securities exchange, then to cryptocurrency mining,
and this year both a data -center project and an AI company . (Not the help -with-college-essay AI, but the
new drug discovery, high-performance-computing type.) It’s been asked whether we’ve wandered from the
path of fundamental value investing  or become enamored of private funds  over individual account
management.
Rather than “none of the above,” the answer is “the opposite.” These offerings are natural extensions of the
value and long-horizon investing philosophy that walked in the door of our first offices in 1995—intent on
better managing the paradox of placing a client’s permanent savings into about the riskiest asset one can
buy: a share of common stock. How can stocks—the largest allocation of the $40 trillion in U.S.-registered
investment company assets under management—be characterized s o discourteously? A short compare-and-
contrast shows one facet of that riskiness:
A holder of $1,000 worth—the smallest  denomination—of a billion -dollar corporate bond issue owns
a contractual claim on that company’s underlying assets and earnings power. That Lilliputian
bondholder has a legally enforceable right to compel payment of any non-forthcoming interest or
principal due, even to the degree that the  Brobdingnagian borrower must resort to bankruptcy
protection to try to meet that claim.
A holder of $1 billion  worth of common stock doesn’t even register as noticeable to the Board of a
$100 billion company, much less a  $1 trillion one. All that this stockholder has, to protect their
investment— other than to exercise a vote of dubious relevance—is the right, in the event of wind-up
or dissolution, to whatever remains after lenders and vendors are paid off. The check for which might
be insufficient to pay the postage to send it to their brokerage account.
Why, then, are stocks the universal default allocation?
Partly because absolute safety for one’s safety capital  doesn’t exist. Cash and bonds are  already fully
exposed to a known and assured risk: whatever cost inflation will exact. And it’s a big one.
In the single lifetime measured from January 1957 to today—at least for yours truly , born nearish to that
year—if a wealthy donor had munificently gifted any of us a lockbox with $1.2 million cash at birth (we
should have been so lucky!) it would have been eroded, in terms of purchasing power, to $100,000. In other
words, a loss of 91%. That is what merely 3. 6% annual inflation will do. There’s a rational reason for
exposing one’s capital to a goodly amount of price and business risk for the possibility of earning more than
inflation will take away.
Though, there’s risk and there’s risk. Our idea was that, if we must expose long-term savings to such risk,
it shouldn’t be taken for granted; we should make every effort to reduce that risk as best we can.
2026 NEW YEAR LETTER FROM OUR FOUNDERS
2 | January 2026
The value school of investing is, in part, an attempt to mitigate some of th e equity risk. It also has almost
as many definitions as there are practitioners. Traditionally, it meant finding a company trading sufficiently
below fair value (the margin of safety) that  a rewarding return would result when the marketplace would
eventually recognize that value.
One weakness of this approach is  that the target company might not  otherwise be a very attractive or
profitable business or have a secure balance sheet. Therefore, once the price target is met, the future return
expectation is diminished, and the stock should be sold. The result is relatively frequent turnover, entailing
frequent gains taxes— and taxes are at least as great a ravager of returns as inflation has been.
A second weakness of traditional value investing  is that time works against you. I f $1.00 of fair value is
purchased for $0.65, and  if that value is realized in three years, that’s a superior return: 15% annualized
(before the gains tax takes an annualized 2.3% from the sales proceeds). But if value realization takes five
years, that’s a par to sub-par pre-tax return of 9%; seven years makes it 6.3%. This is the renowned “value
trap,” the fly in the ointment of value investing.
That approach, of switching from one favored racehorse to another, sheds light on why—whether  for value
or growth strategies—research analysts and portfolio managers are always posed the question: “What ’s
your price target?” And “What’s your holding period?” That type of question populated the first RFPs1 we
were offered by institutional investors potentially interested in placing funds with us . Yet which we could
never answer.
It’s not that we couldn’t answer at all , it’s just that the  RFPs were all multiple-choice check -the-box
questions that reflected standard portfolio management practice. Which was considered the only responsible
or acceptable practice. This was the variety of question: “Describe your investing style: Large Cap, Mid
Cap or Small Cap?” “Growth or Value?” Those questions struck us as thought-provoking indeed and worthy
of discussion (what if stock market capitalization is an irrelevant return factor?) But there was no separate
essay-response page. Talk about fitting square pegs in round holes!
A Private Investing State of Mind
Still, it is reasonable to ask, how can one not have a price target or a holding period? Very easy, actually. It
was put forth in the very first research report we published, in May 1995: a buy recommendation for Texas
Pacific Land Trust (TPL).
That TPL report had neither a price nor holding period target. It did describe a near-perpetuity of friction-
free internal compounding  that was not exposed to  the usual business expenses and risk s of making
acquisitions, new product development or marketing. It was simply an entity that directed the free cash flow
from its passively derived revenues toward the repurchase of its undervalued  shares. The result  of these
anti-dilutive share repurchases  was a constant increase in per -share earnings and assets. Assets—from
which the almost operating -cost-free royalty and revenue streams were derived —that were the longest -
lived there is: land.
1 Request For Proposal: a standardized questionnaire, often issued by institutional sponsors to qualify potential investment
managers.
2026 NEW YEAR LETTER FROM OUR FOUNDERS
3 | January 2026
Although the valuation exercise in that TPL recommendation included a table projecting the year-by-year
share repurchases out to 15 years, the “holding period” was defined as “the indeterminate future.” In place
of a “price target,” it projected , based upon the relatively few shares that would then remain, a 15 -year
return of 24x the initial investment, which worked out to a 24% annualized theoretical return. The exercise
projected annual revenue growth of 3%, pretty much the same as TPL’s century-long revenue history to that
date, and also the then-current U.S. inflation rate; a simplifying assumption was a constant share price.
From the initial recommendation more than 30 years ago, the annualized price appreciation to date has been
25%. So, it could be said that the estimates were a touch conservative.
This speaks to our  form of value investing,  which is to make time work for you. A prerequisite is a very
long time horizon to allow for unbroken compounding. Time, combined with a high, sustainable return on
equity can resolve many otherwise troublesome problems: If an ordinary company’s share price drops 40%,
no small degree of apprehension ordinarily ensues. If a company with a 20% ROE 2 drops by 40%, that
quotational loss will be financially recouped in a commensurately higher book value within two years.3
With an eventual valuation-multiple recovery—and applied to a higher equity and revenue base — all will
be as it should be.  Financial compounding facilitates a n informed indifference to the worries and costly
transaction activity that otherwise surround short-term price volatility.
TPL was one of the precious few business models sufficiently protected from price competition ,
technological obsolescence and other typical impediments to sustaining a high profit margin. TPL also had
characteristics that bring us back to the topic of the HK private fund offerings , because one could have
viewed it as a private company in public market clothing:
TPL’s stock market value in May 1995, was only $64 million. The average daily trading volume
was only 57,000 “shares.”
It did not even have  common shares, as such, since it was not a C -Corp. Formed in 1888 as a
bankruptcy trust, it had certificates of participation in the underlying assets.
TPL was not even an SEC-reporting company. It did publish quarterly “summary financials” with
only basic revenue, expense, taxes, and net income. Its annual report was booklet-sized—about the
shortest you’ve ever seen.
There was no Wall Street analyst coverage whatever.
The C-Corp issue made TPL impermissible for purchase by most institutional investors, especially pension
funds, even if they had a taste for micro-cap exotica. From a Wall Street perspective, even without the legal
prohibition, TPL didn’t exist—there were a half -dozen reasons it would not be purchased by institutional
investors. But we could buy it.
2 ROE (the net income percentage Return on Equity) is a financial performance ratio that demonstrates how a company uses
shareholders' equity to generate net income.
3 Two years if the shares trade at book value; longer if the shares trade at a multiple of book value. Yet another way that higher
going-in valuations raise the odds against a satisfactory return.
2026 NEW YEAR LETTER FROM OUR FOUNDERS
4 | January 2026
One of the rationales for private market and small -cap investing  is that the  possibility of achieving a
multiple-of-investment return is mightily aided if a company is very small relative to its ultimate market
potential. It need not be a formative -stage business, which carries its own risks.  TPL was the diametric
opposite of venture stage: at 107 years, it was already one of the NYSE’s oldest companies.
Private-market companies can manifest the lowest valuations in the equity universe. A recent exception is
the phenomenon of mega-cap firms like OpenAI and Space-X, which not only trade at a valuation premium
to the S&P 500  Index, but are on par with the upper  market-cap levels of the index . They now trade on
private exchanges for “qualified” investors, a phenomenon that has been aided by the rise of private-market
asset managers. They, in turn, have played a pivotal role in the number of public U.S. securities falling from
some 7,200 in 1994 when Horizon was founded, to fewer than 3,500 today. In any case, the basic math is
that the multiplicative product of a low starting valuation and a many-multiples scale of expansion is very
powerful.
The formative-stage Horizon Kinetics (HK) wasn’t qualified to participate in private market opportunities.
It hadn’t yet earned a “seat at the table.” Fortunately, the earliest such effort, TPL, did not require any such
curricula vitae or privileged access.
Today, most Horizon Kinetics clients own shares of a development -stage company in which HK did
participate as a private -market insider long before its August 2025 IPO.  This is Miami International
Holdings (MIAX). HK’s involvement grew out of  our participation in a much -earlier set of private
securities exchange investments, through various LP funds.
Some Other HK Private Market Investments
MIAX, like most IPOs,  has yet to achieve normalized scale economies. B ut unlike most IPOs, it is of a
blue-chip character with near-perpetual expected longevity. Securities exchanges—a critical mechanism for
capital formation and liquidity—are the very oldest continually operated publicly traded companies in the
world; they don’t fail, dwindle away or get displaced . MIAX is, colloquially, the Miami Stock Exchange,
which includes the array of domestic equities and international listings, futures, options, and clearing.
As the first significant new U.S.-licensed securities exchange in almost two decades, it has the competitive
advantage of a latest-technology, built-to-suit trading and information platform, and  so is expanding very
rapidly. Revenue through September 2025 is well over 20% above last year. The company has a long growth
pathway ahead: its $3.5 billion stock market value is a small fraction of the $90 billion-plus market caps of
the CME Group Inc. and Intercontinental Exchange, Inc.
The basis for HK’s relationship with MIAX began over 15 years ago when, through South LaSalle LP, we
began buying interests in the Minneapolis Grain Exchange (MGEX), which traded Hard Red Spring Wheat
futures. Sounds mundane, but annualized contract volume growth in the past 60 years has been close to 8%.
Be that as it may be, MGEX was our first truly strategic investment. An ordinary investment is simply
intended to earn a rewarding return. MGEX owned a highly valuable but underutilized asset: one of the
handful of registered derivatives clearing licenses in the U.S. Properly deployed, that license  had the
potential to vastly increase the revenue base or scale of operations.
2026 NEW YEAR LETTER FROM OUR FOUNDERS
5 | January 2026
MGEX was private. Like TPL, there were no common shares as such, but a private exchange is owned by
the seat holders, and one could buy the occasional seat . One didn’t have to be a trader oneself; seats could
be leased out to active traders. Eventually, Horizon Kinetics was the largest seat-holder. Our Chairman and
CIO, Murray Stahl, has been an  MGEX board member since October of 2013, and was elected first vice
chairperson of the Board in October 2015.
Over the years, along with many trips to wintry Minneapolis and sunny Bermuda, a deepening relationship
was also developed with the Bermuda Stock Exchange. This p rivate exchange had its own strategic
attributes. In addition to some earned-experience expertise, we were able to establish a complementary
relationship between MGEX, the Bermuda Stock Exchange, and the nascent MIAX.
MIAX’s advantage was superb technology, but it lacked a clearing license, which hobbled its effectiveness.
MGEX had a coveted clearing license, which could be deployed to great advantage across the multiplicity
of futures products that MGEX envisioned. The Bermuda Stock Exchange had unique faculties in
international and special product listings. Thereby came about an eventual merging of synergistic strategic
attributes and a going-public event for an HK private partnership.
MGEX provides an  example of the sometimes-remarkable valuation divide between private and public
market equities. In 2009, when an MGEX seat cost only $77,000, o ne could, theoretically, acquire all 399
seats—an  entire regulated securities exchange, complete with clearing license, its owned real estate,  and
balance sheet cash —for $31 million . One can begin to appreciate how high a  premium public market
investors pay for trading liquidity and ready at-hand/second-hand information.
Intercontinental Exchange (ICE) is another holding in most client portfolios  that derived from a private
securities exchange. Just about 20 years ago,  the NYSE was planning to demutualize—seat -holders
incorporating and converting to common shareholders—and come public. We couldn’t buy seats, which at
the time changed hands at $1.6 million, but there was an indirect way of gaining participation.
The NYSE chose a backdoor  method of coming public by merging with the  much-smaller Archipelago
Holdings, Inc., which had its IPO in 2004. Archipelago’s advantage, having been formed relatively recently
in 1997 as a fully computerized and automated trading platform, was superior technology. It was expanding
rapidly and had only recently attained the scale to generate profits. In this respect, it bore some resemblance
to today’s MIAX.
Between the time of NYSE’s 2005 announcement of the planned merger and the actual event in 2006, one
could buy shares of Archipelago, which was a way to own the equivalent value in the private NYSE . Our
back-door method of gaining exposure to the private NYSE.
Not long after , the renamed NYSE Group acquired Euronext NV  (2007), resulting in NYSE Euronext ,
followed shortly by the American Stock Exchange acquisition (2008). NYSE Euronext was itself eventually
purchased by Intercontinental Exchange  (2013). There are some venerable HK client accounts that
participated in the entire two-decade Archipelago-to-ICE venture.
WaterBridge Infrastructure LLC, via a September 2025 IPO, is a slightly more recent portfolio holding
than MIAX. Our ability to participate in the offering was likewise borne of private market relationships and
2026 NEW YEAR LETTER FROM OUR FOUNDERS
6 | January 2026
localized expertise. The WaterBridge connection followed from HK’s successful “anchoring” (along with
participating HK clients) of the July 2024 IPO of LandBridge  Company LLC  as an $80 million
cornerstone investor.
LandBridge, it might be recalled, had recently assembled over 275,000 acres in the western Delaware Basin
portion of the Permian Basin, making the firm one of the largest landowners in the region, along with TPL.
One of its strategic aims was to support the rapid growth of WaterBridge, which is one of the Delaware’s
largest water handling companies, by providing preferential access to  critical surface land easements and
underground water storage (“pore”) space.
It is an absolute necessity  for oil producers in the region to be able  to dispose of the several barrels of
“produced” water that arrive with each barrel of oil; without takeaway capacity, the drilling simply must
stop. This limiting-factor element of water and land is a profitable and growing business independent of
any data-center campus development that might arrive in the region (and  for which water would likely
manifest even greater limiting-factor economic value).
As part of assembling its land position, LandBridge, along with WaterBridge, entered into agreements with
TPL to combine 64,000 semi-contiguous acres that would provide  WaterBridge with a “land bank” to
develop large-scale water infrastructure. Located amidst some of the densest areas of drilling activity in the
region, this joint TPL/LandBridge property would also enhance WaterBridge’s competitive position versus
standalone water handling companies lacking similar scale or land assets. Like just about all other activity
in the Permian, a water pipeline and management infrastructure can’t exist without being placed upon or
crossing land. Unless that land is self-owned, there is some form of rent to be paid.
In preparing for the WaterBridge IPO, its owners could appreciate that HK, through its long involvement
with TPL and other property transactions in the Permian Basin (more of which below), was one of the very
few investment firms that could fully appreciate the value of a strategically placed land perpetuity in west
Texas. Land, that is,  featuring water supply and disposal resources—and  with ready nearby natural gas
supply. In this second such instance in  our history (the first being LandBridge ), HK was again an “on-
cover” cornerstone IPO investor. In these cases, HK was included in the so-called founders’ circle—earlier
participation in the capital mobilization and value creation chain that should exhibit higher asymmetric
optionality than later-stage investments.
Types of Fortune
While TPL was no doubt the preeminent entree in our curricula vitae for the LandBridge and WaterBridge
transactions, there were others. There is no singular method for success or accruing good luck. The
perennially popular sentiment “ fortune favors the bold” dates to at the least the 151 BC theatrical
performance of a Roman comedy. Perhaps more relevant to investment research  than to ventures at sea or
violent encounters, Louis Pasteur was more emphatic in his assertion that , “In the fields of observation,
chance favors only the prepared mind.”
2026 NEW YEAR LETTER FROM OUR FOUNDERS
7 | January 2026
In late 2024, we invested in the “Prewit” transaction through a private Permian Basin oil -focused royalty
partnership with desirable assets owned and managed by Bud Brigham, an energy-sector luminary with
whom we had long familiarity . He was previously Chairman and founder of the publicly traded Brigham
Royalties, which was held in many Horizon  Kinetics portfolios until being acquired by Sitio Royalties in
2022. Sitio, in turn, was acquired by Viper Energy in August 2025, and is still held in some accounts. The
Brigham team successfully coordinated the closing of Prewitt with TPL, which acquired roughly the other
half of the acquisition. Prewit is the anchor investment in a recently formed private fund focusing on royalty
and real-asset investments.
There are other private funds that could be mentioned, but the intent of  this discussion was only to make
clear that if there has been any change in the Horizon Kinetics attitude toward the philosophy and practice
of long-time-horizon value investing, it is merely that it has deepened and strengthened with time. Publicly
traded and private investments are simply slightly forward or back of each other along the same continuum
of practice.
In respect of which, we are today positioned where we want to be. There is no institutional imperative to
maintain any degree of “participation” in the most popular market sectors simply because they are … well
... popular. In this market cycle, that’s the increasingly interdependent and correlated AI-IT mega-cap
companies, from which we are purposefully absent.
In the institutional index-centric context, it would be considered a dramatic stance if a fund manager who
judges the AI-IT sector to be too risky were to brave index-underperformance (and career) risk by assigning
it a 50% underweight. An independent viewer unfamiliar with the concept of relative-return benchmarking
might wonder why this manager would appear to be lauded for allocating well over 20% of a portfolio to a
sector self-adjudged to be a poor investment choice. As an object example, the largest company in the S&P
500, as of New Year’s Eve 2025, has 129 Buy ratings by professional analysts, and … zero Sell ratings.
Our largest allocations are in  the most profitable companies that exist, as can be confirmed in a matter of
minutes using basic financial statement measures like  free cash flow profit margins or return on equity .
These exchange, royalty, and other asset-light businesses have the further attribute of directly benefitting
from a broad array of possible vectors of inflation. This need not be the generalized inflation of a high CPI.
It can be localized to a particular asset or economic sector or even geography. P ortfolios have already
benefited from the localized inflation  in gold in the last three years and, beginning in 2025, silver. This
could occur in copper, the money supply, natural gas, or water; economic logic dictates that it will.
It must be emphasized—otherwise one will not understand our portfolio posture —that our accounts do not
avoid the AI-IT sector as an economic phenomenon. In fact, t hey are very much invested in  the positive
economic implications of the AI boom, which might as well be called the data-center boom . We simply
avoid the technology companies themselves—which  must vie and spend and borrow to avoid losing market
share in this extraordinarily paced and scaled AI services adoption race. In the vying, they must somehow
keep their pricing power, profit margins, balance sheets, and valuations intact; this is a logical improbability.
2026 NEW YEAR LETTER FROM OUR FOUNDERS
8 | January 2026
This is the  age-old illusion of technology investing: The investing audience is invited to pick out the
winning company from a pre-defined universe of leading contenders on the center stage. One of the many
confusions in this milieu is the conflating of growth with ultimate profitability. There’s a world of difference
between a manufacturer of new technology and the economic beneficiaries of that technology.
Perhaps the best natural beneficiary of this cycle’s technology boom is a business that controls a necessary
and limiting factor for the AI infrastructure buildout, such as natural gas for electric power generation for
the data centers, or water to cool those electric power plants, or the land upon which those campuses must
be built. Moreover, those resources must be provisioned in the same locale—there’s plenty of population-
center-remote land in the U.S. that doesn’t have access to the requisite volumes of water and natural gas.
The selection set of geographic locations with those overlapping resources— any one or two of which are
necessary but insufficient—is necessarily small.
Companies that control such resources can be direct positive participants in a historically massive physical
capital redeployment opportunity. These businesses don’t themselves do any spending or construction; they
“just” collect fees.  They don’t suffer from equipment upgrade or replacement cycles, because the data
centers themselves—which are signing 99-year leases—will require those resource inputs and pay rents
and fees for a very long time.
The choice constraints faced by the AI -IT companies with respect to electric power, energy and water are
not yet obvious to the broad investment community. Once this is realized, investment capital will flow in
very different directions than has been the case for the past 10 to 15 years.
A feature of the Horizon Kinetics choices of AI economic beneficiaries is that they have zero or near-zero
presence in the major indexes and asset allocations. One could say that’s  a free, highly geared call option
that will be triggered whenever the institutional investment community, in its multi-trillion-dollar scale,
determines it might wish to own some of that exposure.
A last note, this on the debates about the future growth rates and profitability of the AI-IT companies. The
consensus opinion about the AI capital expenditure requirements is that these are temporarily high while
the firms build the infrastructure necessary to support burgeoning AI applications. The thinking is that the
massive spending figures should decline in short order, a llowing the robust cash flow characteristics of
these companies to re-emerge.
The problem with this rather reasonable surmise is that it contradicts NVIDIA Corp.’s own  growth
hypothesis.
− NVIDIA’s thesis is that its sequentially newer devices—generally scheduled for release semi -
annually—will each offer more processing power than the previous model. This will require
customers to continually replace old equipment with superior versions.
− This will require the large IT firms to continue to spend at high levels. Their capital spending is
not, largely, for the data centers themselves, but for the servers that populate the data  centers. The
data-center buildings and  associated infrastructure, like power plants and transmission lines , are
generally built by third parties and leased to the IT companies.
2026 NEW YEAR LETTER FROM OUR FOUNDERS
9 | January 2026
− If NVIDIA’s thesis is correct, then its customer IT firms will not benefit from a subsidence in capital
spending and resurgence in cash flow.
− Conversely, if  the Wall Street consensus opinion that the IT company capital expenditures
requirements will decline —or simply fail to increase—then the revenue of the leading AI chip
makers, like NVIDIA, will either decline or plateau.
This would be a most serious matter , and an S&P 500 Index event of the first magnitude —irrespective of
which thesis will be correct. This is because the chip seller group (NVIDIA, Broadcom, and AMD) accounts
for 11% of the S&P 500, while the chip customer group (Amazon, Microsoft, Meta, Alphabet, Apple, and
Oracle) account for 25%.
This is not a technology issue —again, a confusion in technology investing—it is simply a business and
competition issue. It reveals a logical inconsistency within the IT sectoral growth forecasts. Fortunately, the
prospects of a growth-without-prosperity scenario, or a growth or valuation contraction scenario amongst
the AI-IT sector companies, is not a direct concern of ours. Our interest (though not a need) is merely that
they spend.
Horizon Kinetics is radically different from what it was in 1995,  2005, and 2015, but it hasn’t changed; it
has evolved along the very same philosophical pathway upon which it embarked. But we now have broader
scope with which those asset management aims can be applied.
In late breaking news—and quite apt, as it arrived while the closing to this letter was being
written—Texas Pacific Land Corp. announced on December 17 that it concluded an agreement with
a private company known as Bolt Data & Energy to develop large-scale data center campuses and
related infrastructure across TPL land. TPL supplied one-third of the $150 million of capital raised
as part of th e agreement and will supply water for whatever projects might be  developed. The
Chairman of Bolt is Eric Schmidt, th e former CEO and Chairman of Google. Accordingly, TPL
itself is now a cornerstone investor in a strategic private market investment —and an AI one, at
that.
4
It is a refreshing paradox of the financial markets— not all paradoxes are troublesome—that despite, and
often facilitated by, periodic excesses, there are value opportunities to be found. In these 30 years, we have
accumulated a stable, permanent pool of capital—which was always a central goal and priority —that  favors
us with the independence to practice our long-term value discipline.
We thank you for your partnership and trust to invest alongside us, and we look forward to sharing new and
creative ways to further compound our collective capital with you in the years to come.
4 https://www.texaspacific.com/investors/news-events/press-releases/detail/176/bolt-and-tpl-announce-strategic-agreement-to-
pursue-data
2026 NEW YEAR LETTER FROM OUR FOUNDERS
10 | January 2026
Important Disclosures
Past performance is not indicative of future results. The information contained herein is subject to
explanation during a presentation. Any index returns or performance provided in this presentation is
provided for illustrative purposes only and does not demonstrate actual performance.
Note that indices are unmanaged and the figures shown herein do not reflect any investment management
fee or transaction costs.   Investors cannot directly invest in an index.   References to market or composite
indices or other measures of relative market p erformance (a “Benchmark”) over a specific period are
provided for your information only.   Reference to a Benchmark may not reflect the manner in which a
portfolio is constructed in relation to expected or achieved returns, portfolio guidelines, correlatio n,
concentrations, volatility or tracking error targets, all of which are subject to change over time.
This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation to invest. Opinions and estimates offered constitute the judgment
of Horizon Kinetics Holding Corporation (“Horizon Kinetics”) and are subject to change without notice,
as are statements of financial market trends, which are based on current market conditions. Under no
circumstances does the information contained within represent a recommendation to buy, hold or sell any
security, and it should not be assumed that the securities transactions or holdings discussed were or will
prove to be profitable.
The Adviser and its management persons have relationships or arrangements that may be material to the
Adviser’ s advisory business or to investors in the products and accounts managed by the Adviser and that
present potential or actual conflicts of interest .  Murray Stahl is a member of the Board of Directors of
Texas Pacific Land Corporation (“TPL”) and Miami International Holdings (“MIAX”), both of which are
holdings in certain client accounts and funds managed by Horizon Kinetics Asset Management LLC
(“HKAM”). Officers, directors and employees may also hold substantial amounts of TPL and MIAX, both
directly and indirectly, in their personal accounts. HKAM seeks to address potential conflicts of interest
through the adoption of various policies and procedur es, which include both electronic and physical
safeguards. Additionally, Mr. Stahl does not exercise investment discretion over either TPL or MIAX.  All
personal and proprietary trading is subject to HKAM’ s Code of Ethics and is monitored by the firm’ s Legal
and Compliance Department.
Subsidiaries of Horizon Kinetics LLC manage separate accounts and pooled products that may hold certain
of the individual securities mentioned herein.  Employees of such companies may also hold the securities
mentioned in their personal accounts. For more information on Horizon Kinetics, you may visit our website
at www.horizonkinetics.com
.
Not all investors will experience the same holdings, returns or weightings as the corresponding
composite.  No part of the research analysts’ compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related
to the specific recommendations or views expressed by the research analysts in this report.
No part of this material may be copied, photocopied, or duplicated in any form, by any means, or
redistributed without Horizon Kinetics’ prior written consent.
©2026 Horizon Kinetics Holding Corporation ® All rights reserved.