1
Jan 11, 2026
Dear Partners,
In the fourth quarter of 2025, the fund generated a return of 13.65% gross  of fees and 10.85% net of fees,
compared to 2.33% for the S&P 500 Total Return Index and 3.29% for our MSCI ACWI Total Return
benchmark. For the full year 2025, the fund generated a return of 52.04% gross and 45.60% net of fees,
significantly outperforming the S&P 500's 16.26% and the MSCI ACWI’s 22.34%. Since inception, the
fund has realized a return of 40.85% gross and 28.84% net of fees, versus 52.99% for the S&P 500 an d
53.65% for the MSCI ACWI Total Return benchmark.
Please refer to your individual investor statements for an accurate view of your return, as investor returns
may vary by class and the timing of your investment.
Time Period
Kathmandu
(Gross*)
Kathmandu
(Net*)
S&P 500
(SPXTR*)
MSCI ACWI
(ACWI TR*)
2023 0.41% -0.62% 6.99% 7.36%
3rd Quarter
(Inception) 7.56% 6.46% -3.79% -3.64%
4th Quarter -6.65% -6.65% 11.20% 11.03%
2024 -7.73% -10.95% 22.99% 17.49%
1st Quarter 21.42% 17.80% 10.09% 8.20%
2nd Quarter 0.13% -0.40% 3.85% 2.87%
3rd Quarter -14.99% -14.99% 5.48% 6.61%
4th Quarter -10.72% -10.72% 1.99% -0.99%
2025 52.04% 45.60% 16.26% 22.34%
1st Quarter -1.72% -1.72% -4.62% -1.32%
2nd Quarter 17.22% 16.64% 10.56% 11.52%
3rd Quarter 16.14% 14.58% 7.74% 7.62%
4th Quarter 13.65% 10.85% 2.33% 3.29%
Since Inception 40.85% 28.84% 52.99% 53.65%
*Data provided by NAV Consulting, TR = total return index
The market experienced notable volatility over the past quarter yet ultimately finished near another record
high to end the year. We exited several positions as they either reached our target prices or experienced
structural fundamental changes, and initiated new investments aligned with the ongoing “China vs. U.S.
tension” theme. While we expect this narrative to remain a key driver in 2026, we hold precious metals and
hedge positions to protect the portfolio against inflation and potential economic setbacks.
2
Market Commentary
Market concerns about the AI capex cycle intensified this past quarter , beginning with Oracle reporting
results that fell short of expectations. This led to a period of heightened volatility, which later stabilized as
the Fed lowered interest rates and expanded its balance sheet, while Japan raised interest rates to draw
capital back to the U.S. markets.
Looking ahead to 2026, we expect the “U.S. vs China” race to remain the dominant theme. China still lacks
the ability to design and manufacture leading-edge, high-performance chips at the level of the U.S. and its
allies. Meanwhile, the U.S. continues to face bottlenecks in domestic manufacture capacity for key
components and supply of critical materials, alongside slower-than-needed progress in energy infrastructure
build-out and grid upgrade. National security has also become a central focus for both nations. Against this
backdrop, technology velocity and government policy execution will decide the leader in this race. We will
continue to monitor the development closely and search for opportunities with our eyes wide open.
Portfolio Update
We ended the quarter with approximately 35 percent in gold and cash.
Cyclical/Secular Gainers
The Tension Basket
We continue to add ideas to our tension basket to capture opportunities arising from the U.S. vs. China
theme. At year-end, our holdings included Vicor (VICR.NASDAQ), whose industry-leading power solutions
are poised to benefit from data center architecture’s transition to HVDC yet remain under -covered and
misunderstood; ACM Research ( ACMR.NASDAQ), China’s leading wafer -fab cleaning equipment
manufacturer, positioned to benefit from China’s push toward semiconductor self-sufficiency; Lumentum
(LITE.NASDAQ), a market leader in optical and photonic products whose OCS and optics solutions are
positioned to benefit from strong TPU demand and continued XPU evolution; and two Taiwanese
companies, including a semiconductor cooling solution provider and a high-precision PCB drilling solution
provider. We also added Huntington Ingalls ( HII.NYSE) to capture the need for increased shipbuilding as
defense becomes another key battleground between the rivals and government spending focuses on naval
readiness.
Vicor (VICR.NASDAQ)
Over the past quarter, we added Vicor, a leading U.S. designer and manufacturer of high -performance
power modules, as a core position. Vicor is positioned to benefit from rising AI-driven power requirements
and the transition toward HVDC architectures. Desp ite this, Vicor remains a misunderstood small -cap
company with limited Wall Street coverage. We believe company guidance and street consensus are way
too conservative and Vicor is a multi-bagger set to capture a multi-year tailwind.
Vicor is the gold standard in “last -inch” 48V-to-sub-1V vertical power delivery, enabling high -current
conversion near the XPU to minimize I²R losses, heat, and EMI while sustaining high efficiency. Vicor’s
differentiated architecture and industry-leading technology have enabled long-standing relationships with
key AI players. In the second half of 2025, Vicor has completed qualification for a lead customer’s next-
generation platform, which we believe to be Nvidia, and we believe Google is likely to follow suit, along
with two additional tier-one OEMs, as management has disclosed. We believe Vicor is on the cusp of adding
more customers as the industry leader in the last mile HVDC power delivery. These programs represent
discrete, multi-year revenue opportunities that have yet to be reflected in consensus expectations.
3
Beyond revenue upside, Vicor offers meaningful margin expansion opportunity. Historically, the
company’s hardware business has generated 40 –50% gross margins. As the newly ramped facility comes
online, we expect hardware margins post vertical integration to move materially higher, as the capacity is
purpose-built for high-end applications like AI and aerospace. Additionally, Vicor is actively scaling its IP
licensing business, which has already reached a meaningful run rate despite monetizing only a narrow ,
largely legacy subset of its patent portfolio and engaging with a limited number of large customers.
Management is guiding toward a $200 million annual licensing run rate by 2027 to 2028, which we view
as conservative given the depth of unmonetized IP  (multi-billion-dollar TAM) and early traction  ($90M
annual run rate as of 3Q:25). We believe the licensing business, combined with vertical integration and
next-generation high-end hardware products, will meaningfully shift the revenue mix and position Vicor
for significant margin expansion.
Taken together, customer wins, expanded production capacity, and IP monetization make Vicor’s long -
term targets of $1B in revenue and 65% corporate margins appear conservative. With street consensus still
well below these targets, we see a meaningful delta between market expectations and underlying
fundamentals. As the thesis plays out and earnings scale, we believe Vicor presents a compelling Davis
Double Play.
Closing
We would like to thank our partners for another year of support. While we had a solid year and our stock
selection appears directionally correct so far, we believe our execution could have been better as we became
more comfortable investing in momentum driven AI-related businesses in the second half of the year.
Our goal as investors has always been, and always will be, to become the best investors and partners we
can be to honor our fiduciary duty. To achieve this, we will continue to evolve by refining our approach
and adding new tools to our investment toolkit, rather than confining ourselves to a well-defined style box.
As we move away from investing solely through a traditional contrarian value lens and integrate a more
holistic approach that places greater emphasis on market sentiment and the inevitability of long -term
technological development, some may view this as a deviation from traditional value investing, but we see
it as a natural progression of value thinking in the post Munger and Buffett era, especially in today’s market
environment.
We are mindful of the momentum -driven nature of some of our holdings and expect higher portfolio
turnover. As such, we will implement tighter stops and more disciplined risk management accordingly.
Ultimately, our goal is to blend these disciplines and thrive across all market conditions  as we explore
whether growth, momentum, and value can coexist in a way that works.
This may mean we will not attract certain types of institutional clients, as most institutions prefer to select
managers based on rigid style boxes. However, we believe that investing is more art than science. Howard
Marks once said that in order to be great, one must be willing to be different. We dare to be great and will
let that principle guide us. We intend to walk a path that cannot be easily imitated by others, whether human
or artificial—our own path.
We appreciate your trust as you grow alongside us and witness our growth as investors.
4
Sincerely,
Vincent Lo, CFA, MBA
Chief Investment Officer & Partner
Kathmandu Capital, LLC
vlo@kathmandupartners.com
Disclaimer
CONFIDENTIAL & PROPRIETARY: This letter is not an offer to sell securities of any investment fund
or a solicitation of offers to buy any such securities. Securities of Kathmandu Partners, LP (the “Fund”)
managed by Kathmandu Capital, LLC (the “General Part ner”) are offered to selected investors only by
means of a complete offering memorandum and related subscription materials which contain significant
additional information about the terms of an investment in the Fund (such documents, the “Offering
Documents”). Any decision to invest must be based solely upon the information set forth in the Offering
Documents, regardless of any information investors may have been otherwise furnished, including this
letter. Securities of the Fund are not registered with any regulatory authority, are offered pursuant to
exemptions from such registration, and are subject to significant restrictions.
The information in this letter was prepared by the General Partner and is believed by the General Partner
to be reliable and has been obtained from public sources believed to be reliable. The General Partner makes
no representation as to the accuracy or co mpleteness of such information. Opinions, estimates and
projections in this letter constitute the current judgment of the General Partner and are subject to change
without notice. Any projections, forecasts and estimates contained in this letter are necessarily speculative
in nature and are based upon certain assumptions. It can be expected that some or all of such assumptions
will not materialize or will vary significantly from actual results. Accordingly, any projections are only
estimates and actual results will differ and may vary substantially from the projections or estimates shown.
This letter is not intended as a recommendation to purchase or sell any commodity or security. The General
Partner has no obligation to update, modify or amend this letter or to otherwise notify a reader thereof in
the event that any matter stated herein, or any opinion, project on, forecast or estimate set forth herein,
changes or subsequently becomes inaccurate.
The holding identified does not represent all of the securities purchased, sold, or recommended for the Fund
and does not reflect the overall performance of the Fund.  It should not be assumed that this holding or any
recommendations made in the future will be profitable.
This letter is strictly confidential and may not be reproduced or redistributed in whole or in part nor may
its contents be disclosed to any other person without the express consent of the General Partner.