Page 1
55 Hudson Yards
New York, NY 10001
thirdpoint.com
212.715.3880
Fourth Quarter 2025 Investor Letter
February 6, 2026
Dear Investor:
During the Fourth Quarter, Third Point returned 1.9% net in the flagship Offshore Fund.
Q
4
1
ANNUALIZED NET
RETURN
2
TP OFFSHORE FUND, LTD.
1.9
%
13.
1
%
CS HF EVENT
-
DRIVEN INDEX
1.1%
6.9%
S&P 500 INDEX (TR)
2.7%
9.8%
MSCI WORLD INDEX (TR)
3.2%
8.3%
1 Through December 31, 2025.
2 Annualized Return from inception (December 1996 for TP Offshore and quoted indices).
PLEASE SEE THE NEW SERIES RETURNS AT THE END OF THIS DOCUMENT.
The top five winners for the quarter were SK Hynix Inc., DSV A/S, Siemens Energy AG,
Carpenter Technology Corp., and Pacific Gas and Electric Co. The top five losers for the
quarter, excluding hedges, were CoStar Group Inc., Microsoft Corp., Meta Platforms Inc.,
Vistra Corp., and Primo Brands Corp.
The trends that drove markets higher during Q4 have extended into the early months of
2026: an ongoing rotation from software into semiconductors, memory, and semicap
equipment; continued strength in European defense equities; a broadening of market
leadership from big tech to the industrials, healthcare, and consumer sectors; and an
astounding appreciation in gold and rare earths. Notwithstanding the extreme volatility and
selloff from the intraday peak of nearly $5,600/oz, the price of gold has increased ~15%
Page 2
year-to-date. Meanwhile, Bitcoin is down 20% from its year-end price and down almost 45%
from its peak of over $125,000 just last October.
AI dominates market headlines and is increasingly forcing a re -think of established beliefs.
One of them is the long -perceived attractiveness of capital -light business models like
software, information services, and digital platforms that for decades requ ired little to no
physical investment to grow and achieve dominance.  Many such companies are now facing
increased investor skepticism about the sustainability of their moats and scrutiny of their
high-margin structures.  Look no further than the woeful underperformance of the software
sector both on an absolute basis and relative to the S&P 500. The pressure on the sector
which has been evident for some time has accelerated sharply into the early weeks of 2026,
particularly with the announcement of Anthrop ic to dislocate businesses that provide both
legal and financial analysis. A simple query into Claude’s chatbot: “ Which companies is
Anthropic capable of dislocating or disrupting? ” yields some fascinating results and was in
our view a fruitful source of hedges for our firm.
At the same time, capital -intensive businesses like construction services, aggregates,
transports, and defense contractors are having their moment, as investors are waking up to
their mission critical role in the rebuilding of supply chains, national security complexes, and
data center infrastructure. We own many of these winners and continue to look for new ones.
Healthcare is also emerging from a prolonged period of COVID hangover, volatility, and
multiples derating due to funding freezes, populist rhetoric, and constraints in biotech
funding. We are increasing exposure to the sector, especially in life sciences a nd medical
devices, and finding what we see as attractive valuations for market leading franchises.
Despite market multiples and concentration that are undeniably high relative to history, we
believe we remain positioned for a friendly macroeconomic and corporate environment. US
GDP growth is accelerating, disinflation is firmly in place, and the imminen t tax refunds
should support consumer spending and alleviate affordability issues. Increasingly tricky
investor positioning in US equities, evidenced by high institutional gross and net exposures
Page 3
as well as record high retail participation, has led us to expand our single name short book
and grow exposure to foreign equities.
Portfolio Updates1
SK Square
SK Square is a Seoul -based Korean holding company with a market capitalization of
approximately $47 billion.  It spun out of SK Telecom in 2021 and actively invests in and
manages a diversified portfolio of technology assets including a 20% stake in SK Hyn ix.  SK
Square’s management has made narrowing the historically wide discount between its
market price and its net asset value (NAV) a core strategic priority, setting formal targets to
reduce the NAV discount – most recently aiming for 30% or lower by 202 8 – and explicitly
incorporating discount reduction into its corporate value -enhancement framework.  To
achieve this, management has executed and committed to systematic share buybacks and
cancellations, enhanced capital allocation policies, and strengthen ed governance such as
adding independent directors to its board while tying NAV discount outcomes to
management performance measures and compensation.  These initiatives reflect a sustained
effort to unlock shareholder value by aligning the company’s market valuation more closely
with the underlying value of its stake in SK Hynix.
We invested in SK Square last summer primarily because of our favorable view on the
company’s primary asset, SK Hynix, of which we are also shareholders and which we
discussed in our Q3 letter.  Since then, the intrinsic and market value of SK Hynix has
continued to increase.  Tightening supply and accelerating AI -driven demand have pushed
DDR5 and server DRAM pricing materially higher, disproportionately benefiting SK Hynix’s
premium-weighted mix.  More importantly, we believe the company has solidified it s
leadership in high-bandwidth memory (HBM), emerging as the exclusive HBM supplier for
Microsoft’s in-house AI accelerator and securing roughly two-thirds of NVIDIA’s anticipated
1 This letter includes discussions of certain portfolio investments. These discussions are intended to provide
information concerning such investments and to illustrate Third Point’s investment analyses, but they are not
necessarily representative of Third Point investments generally or of the overall performance of funds
managed by Third Point. Please see page 1 of this letter for overall performance of funds managed by Third
Point implementing the flagship strategy for the most recent quarter and since inc eption.
Page 4
HBM4 demand for its next -generation platforms at meaningfully higher price points and
margins than prior generations.  While Samsung and Micron are accelerating competitive
efforts, SK Hynix retains clear time -to-market and customer -qualification advantage s,
reinforced by long-term supply agreements and focused capacity expansion.  In parallel, the
company’s planned US ADR listing should continue to raise its global investor profile and
broaden access to international capital, further supporting its valuation.
Today, SK Square’s discount to NAV is approximately 47%.
Trillion KRW Per Share % of NAV
SK Hynix 123.0 931,318 97%
TMAP Mobility 1.5 11,052 1%
SK shieldus 1.0 7,721 1%
One Store 0.4 3,179 0%
11STREET 0.4 2,952 0%
Content wavve 0.3 1,968 0%
SK planet 0.2 1,817 0%
Other Stakes 0.7 5,223 1%
Total NAV 127.5 965,232 100%
Share Price  513,000
Discount  ~47%
Source: SK Square filings and Bloomberg. Data are as of 1/30/2026.
While this has narrowed from prior NAV discounts as wide as ~75%, we believe there
remains much room for improvement.  Korean holding company peers trade at discounts
ranging between 15% and 45%.  However, such peers hold a broad collection of generally
illiquid and difficult -to-value assets, which would warrant their high discount.  Unlike its
peers, over 96% of SK Square’s asset value comprises shares in SK Hynix, the second largest
and most liquid public constituent of the KOSPI index and one of the most  important
companies in the semiconductor/AI complex globally.  As a result, one should expect SK
Square to trade at a significantly lower discount to its NAV.
We believe that by announcing a moratorium on new investments and executing on a large
share repurchase program using debt collateralized with its stake in SK Hynix, SK Square has
a unique opportunity to more than double SK Square’s stock price with no und erlying
appreciation of its investments.
Page 5
The buyback is especially attractive to us given the low valuation of SK Square’s primary
asset SK Hynix.  Today SK Hynix trades at 6.5x 2026 earnings per share, implying a 15%
earnings yield. Given SK Square’s discount to NAV of 47% and the stake in SK Hynix as ~97%
of SK Square’s NAV, one can think of SK Square share repurchases as buying SK Hynix shares
at a 47% discount, or approximately 3.5x earnings and a 29% earnings yield.  We anticipate
this yield will continue to increase given the robust growth i n the memory space driven by
AI.
Somnigroup
Somnigroup is the dominant player in US mattresses and has grown its share of the domestic
wholesale market from 27% in 2018 to over 40% in 2024. The company is led by Scott
Thompson, who we see as a forward -thinking CEO who has leveraged the business’ sca le
advantage to take share from an overleveraged set of competitors in a slowing housing
market.
In Q1 2025, Somnigroup completed its merger with the largest mattress retailer, Mattress
Firm (estimated retail market share of 40%), and is now leveraging this advantaged
distribution to accelerate share gains.  Its Tempur wholesale product has already ra mped
from an estimated ~48% of Mattress Firm sales at the time of deal close to over 60% of
volumes today.  The proforma entity’s 2,200 locations and $1.8 billion of run -rate sales and
marketing spend are each more than twice the size of the second and thi rd largest mattress
competitors combined.
Looking forward, we believe Somnigroup has multiple ways to win. Either the housing cycle
turns, which would provide a billion -dollar revenue tailwind at high margins, or the trough
sustains and the last competitors standing, Sleep Number and Serta Simmons, face continued
top-line pressure with 2027 and 2028 maturity walls looming. At Sleep Number, double-digit
revenue declines have forced material cuts to marketing spend to comply with leverage
covenants, further accelerating share losses. Despite its smal l and under -followed market
cap, Sleep Number still generates ~$1.5 billion in revenues, representing a nearly ~20%
retail market share.  We anticipate similar headwinds at Serta Simmons, which is reported
Page 6
to have generated $1.8 billion in 2024 sales (financials are not publicly available).  We believe
it is very likely that the increase in Tempur products from 48% to over 60% of Mattress Firm
sales came at the expense of their largest manufacturing competit or. We see no obvious
buyers for subscale mattress manufacturers and believe restructurings from either player
represent high incremental margin share gain opportunities for Somnigroup that are not on
investors’ radars.
We have followed Mattress Firm closely for over a decade as its previous owner, Steinhoff
International, was the most profitable short in Third Point’s history.  Today, as a part of the
broader Somnigroup mattress machine, we see a transformed business, and a key pillar of a
vertically integrated bedding company of meaningful scale. We are also excited by
Somnigroup’s proposed acquisition of Legget & Platt, further extending the company’s scale
advantage by consolidating a key supplier.
In our view, Mr. Thompson has executed masterfully to date and has all the building blocks
in place for sustained outperformance.  He owns 4.4 million shares of Somnigroup, making
him the eleventh largest equity holder of the business.  He recently renewed his employment
contract and was awarded what we feel was a new, substantial and much -deserved stock
option package, which ensures his continued leadership.
Quebecor
History doesn’t repeat itself, but it often rhymes. Over the last ten years, T-Mobile shares are
up 460%, even after a recent drawdown based on concerns that wireless industry
competition is heating up.  How did a wireless company outperform the S&P 500 by  110%
over such a long time period? It came down to having a network experience at parity with
incumbents, getting help from regulators for favorable spectrum deals, and pricing at a
meaningful discount to levered incumbent backbooks, who have been unwilli ng and unable
to sustainably match T-Mobile’s pricing.
A similar dynamic has emerged in Canada, where the market structure is even more
favorable for Quebecor, the wireless upstart from Quebec with national ambitions.  Canadian
Page 7
incumbent pricing is currently a materially worse experience for consumers than what we’re
used to seeing in the US.  Most consumers have capped monthly data plans, with only 27%
of Canadians paying for a 100GB+ or unlimited plan as of YE 2024 according to  the
regulator’s latest market study.  When coupled with 3.5 – 4.0x turns of financial leverage and
dividend payout ratios at over 80% of free cash flow, Canada’s Big 3 providers are poorly
positioned to match pricing from an aggressive and well-run challenger.
Quebecor is a regional telco with 25% share of Quebec’s wireless subscribers and a
longstanding ambition of expanding nationally. It finally got the opportunity with the
acquisition of Freedom Mobile, a national wireless business and forced divestiture following
the Rogers/Shaw merger. An extremely favorable domestic roaming agreement gifted by the
regulator enabled Quebecor to ride on the Rogers network.  As existing coverage improved,
Freedom Mobile subscriber growth has accelerated to levels rarely seen in developed
markets. For context, Quebecor’s latest ARPU is C$35, a 40% discount to incumbent
backbooks priced at C$56 -58. This disruptive pricing has enabled Quebecor to capture
328,000 net adds of the trailing twelve months. This represents 31% of total  net industry
growth, a substantial gain for a player with just 11.5% share of total industry subscribers.
Normally we would expect this sort of explosive growth to require substantial cash burn and
minimal profitability, as we have seen in Europe.  For Quebecor, incumbent pricing is so high,
and its domestic roaming deal is so favorable, such that its telco se gment boasts ~50%
EBITDA margins despite selling at such disruptive price points. In an industry that is all
about operating leverage, we have started to see top -line execution flow through to the
bottom line.  Quebecor’s Telco EBITDA growth accelerated to  2.8% this quarter after five
quarters of minimal growth.  We believe the company is ready to play offense from here
while also achieving the industry’s lowest financial leverage.
At the helm are CEO and controlling shareholder Pierre Karl Peladeau, who holds a C$3.7
billion economic stake, and CFO Hugues Simard. Their disciplined execution has more than
10x’d Quebecor’s market cap since 2009, and we are excited to see what lies ahead.
Page 8
Corporate Credit Update
As we see it, the corporate credit book marginally underperformed the high yield index in
2025. This performance was disappointing; over the last sixteen years our corporate credit
book has beaten the index by 2x net of fees, on average.  While we avoided some of the largest
disasters like First Brands, New Fortress Energy, and Brightline, we had only one real
standout result. Our largest winner was Michaels Stores, which was the best performing
bond in the JPM High Yield Index. Our investments in the Elon Musk complex (X/Twitter and
xAI) were also significant contributors to performance, along with Claritev, a post LME
situation, and Bausch Health.
Like 2025, this year starts with very tight index spreads in credit. Sentiment is concerningly
constructive with the obvious underpinnings of fiscal and likely Fed support, although the AI
theme seems less bulletproof with the Oracle selloff. We see the in gredients for both
fundamental and technical pressures in credit to make 2026 a much more interesting year.
As of this writing, our large investments in the debt of xAI and X/Twitter have benefited from
the announced merger of xAI and SpaceX.
We believe that both private credit and private equity will continue to struggle with
monetization. This isn’t due to a mystery force and certainly isn’t due to a lack of capital.
Liquidity is always available, although you may not like the price. There are billions of dollars
trapped in private equity that in our view cannot be monetized at a price that sponsors can
stomach. This was already an issue with the higher interest rates and lower valuations today
versus 2020-21, but we believe it will be an even greater issue as we transition from a “pre-
AI” to “post-AI” world. This latter factor may strand even greater pools of invested capital,
especially in the enormous software/information technology sector. We believe being able
to pivot quickly and deploy f resh capital (without having a huge backlog of underwater
investments) will be an advantage.
We are continuing to see the line blur between “public” and “private” with the more relevant
distinction being “traded” and “not (yet) traded”.  The leveraged loan market began as a
“private” market and evolved over time to the liquid leveraged loan market we see today. We
Page 9
expect to see that evolution continuing in “private” credit.  As always, we remain focused on
continuing to stay liquid and demand extraordinary premiums to sacrifice marginal amounts
of trading flexibility.
We expect to see more liability management exercises and in -court restructurings.  Almost
40% of restructurings are “repeat offenders”, meaning that a large proportion of the recent
restructurings will be back. The emergence of “co-op agreements”, where bondholders agree
to not stab each other in the back is very encouraging and a step back towards a rule of law,
but we do expect the LME battles to continue. As we have mentioned before, these share
many of the same dynamics that can make bankruptcy investin g attractive and continue to
be a significant area of focus.
While spreads on higher quality credit are oscillating near historic tights, ratings
downgrades and defaults continue to pressure stressed leveraged loans creating entry
points we find attractive. Dispersion is elevated – evidenced by 77% of the levered loan index
trading at least 100 basis points outside of the index spread, approaching previous cycle
peaks of 83% in 2020 and 2016.  We expect this stress to increase. We are watching for
impacts on CLO leveraged loan baskets and expect opportunities to be li quidity providers
there.
Structured Credit Update
Over the last year, the compelling value proposition of structured credit has attracted new
investors to the asset class. Entrants into structured credit likely see what we see: it
comprises more than 60% of the fixed income market and more than $14 trilli on in
outstanding issuance while remaining under -invested relative to other fixed income asset
classes, in our view. It has current principal and interest streams, hard assets collateralizing
the debt, the ability to drive covenants and structural protecti ons, and has exhibited
increased liquidity in the secondary markets since the pandemic.
In 2025, we saw contribution mainly from residential mortgages, as well as gains in our
consumer asset -backed positions. This year, as the Fed started cutting interest rates,
Page 10
borrowing costs for structured credit dropped from the high 6%’s to 4.8% as of mid -
December. A portion of our fixed rate structured credit portfolio is hedged with interest rate
swaps where we pay a fixed cost of roughly 2.5% and receive SOFR. Residential mortgages
continue to represent the core exposure for the portfolio, in addition to consumer ABS with
a focus on loans collateralized by hard assets and small exposure to CMBS.
Despite specific geographical weakness in housing prices, residential mortgages – and in
particular, those that are seasoned and with lower balances – remained resilient in 2025.
Third Point has historically had a core position in first -lien, owner -occupied residential
mortgages, with a focus on reperforming loans with over 18 years of seasoning and an
average balance around $150,000.   In 2026, we anticipate there will be more residential
products designed to access home equity or address housing affordabil ity issues. While
lower rates should start to ease the affordability issue for new or prospective homeowners,
85% of current homeowners have a mortgage rate below 6%. There is currently $35.8
trillion of home equity in the U.S. homeowners’ balance sheet, w hich we believe creates a
large margin of credit protection for our investments and the ability to expand our
investments in residential real estate into home affordability products.
As we head into 2026, we expect potential deregulation, which should encourage more bank
financing, driving senior credit spreads tighter. While we have found more opportunities in
smaller bank portfolio sales with a pickup in yield, we have also been active in Synthetic Risk
Transfer (“SRT”) where banks sell a first or second loss tranche for regulatory capital relief.
We executed several SRTs in a negotiated structure that enables us to continually monitor
the credit risk and grow exposure over time.
We are excited about the evolving opportunities in structured credit over the coming year.
We believe our ability to move between loans and securities across a variety of sub -asset
types will continue to be an advantage as specific credit dislocations emerge.
Page 11
Sincerely,
Daniel S. Loeb
CEO
The information contained herein is being provided to the investors in Malibu Life Holdings Limited (the “Company”), which is  listed on
the London Stock Exchange and invests a portion of its assets in Third Point Offshore Fund, Ltd (“Third Point Offshore”) . Third Point
Offshore is a feeder fund to the Third Point Master Fund LP (“Third Point Master”, and together with Third Point Offshore, the “Funds”) in
a master-feeder structure. Third Point Offshore and Third Point Master are managed by Third Point LLC ( “Third Point” or “Investment
Manager”), an SEC-registered investment adviser headquartered in New York.
Unless otherwise specified, all information contained herein relates to the Third Point Master Fund LP  inclusive of legacy private
investments. P&L and AUM information are presented at the feeder fund level where applicable. Sector and geographic categorie s are
determined by Third Point in its sole discretion.
Performance results are presented net of management fees, brokerage commissions, administrative expenses, and accrued perform ance
allocation, if any, and include the reinvestment of all dividends, interest, and capital gains. While performance allocations  are accrued
monthly, they are deducted from investor balances only annually or upon withdrawal. From the inception of Third Point Offshore through
December 31, 2019, the fund's historical performance has been calculated using the actual management fees and performance allocations
paid by the fund. The actual management fees and performance allocations paid by the fund reflect a blended rate of management fees and
performance allocations based on the weighted average of amounts invested in different share classes subject to different management fee
and/or performance allocation terms. Such management fee rates have ranged over time from 1% to 2% per annum. The amount of
performance allocations applicable to any one investor in the fund will vary materially depending on numerous factors, including without
limitation: the specific terms, the date of initial investment, the duration of investment, the date of withdrawal, and market conditions. As
such, the net performance shown for Third Point Offshore from incep tion through December 31, 2019 is not an estimate of any specific
investor’s actual performance. For the period beginning January 1, 2020, the fund’s historical performance shows indicative performance
for a new issues eligible investor in the highest management fee (2% per annum) and performance allocation (20%) class of the fund, who
has participated in all side pocket private investments (as applicable) from March 1, 2021 onward. The inception date for Thi rd Point
Offshore Fund Ltd is December 1, 1996. All performance results are estimates and past performance is not necessarily indicative of future
results.
The net P&L figures are included because of the SEC’s new marketing rule and guidance. Third Point does not believe that this  metric
accurately reflects net P&L for the referenced sub -portfolio group of investments as explained more fully below. Specifical ly, net P&L
returns reflect the allocation of the highest management fee (2% per annum), in addition to leverage factor multiple, if appl icable, and
incentive allocation rate (20%), and an assumed operating expense ratio (0.3%), to the aggregate underlying  positions in the referenced
sub-portfolio group’s gross P&L. The management fees and operating expenses are allocated for the period proportionately based on the
average gross exposures of the aggregate underlying positions of the referenced sub -portfolio group. The implied incentive allocation is
based on the deduction of the management fee and expense ratio from Third Point Offshore fund level gross P&L attribution for the period.
The incentive allocation is accrued for each period to only those position s within the referenced sub-portfolio group with i) positive P&L
and ii) if during the current MTD period there is an incentive allocation. In MTD periods where there is a reversal of previo usly accrued
incentive allocation, the impact of the reversal will  be based on the previous month’s YTD accrued incentive allocation. The assumed
operating expense ratio noted herein is applied uniformly across all underlying positions in the referenced sub -portfolio group given the
Page 12
inherent difficulty in determining and allocating the expenses on a sub -portfolio group basis. If expenses were to be allocated on a sub -
portfolio group basis, the net P&L would likely be different for each referenced investment or sub-portfolio group, as applicable.
While the performances of the fund has been compared here with the performance of well -known and widely recognized indices, the
indices have not been selected to represent an appropriate benchmark for the fund whose holdings, performance and volatility may differ
significantly from the securities that comprise the indices. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. All information
provided herein is for informational purposes only and should not be deemed as a recommendation to buy or sell securities. All investments
involve risk including the loss of principal. This transmission is confidential and may not be redistributed without the expr ess written
consent of Third Point LLC and does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitati on of an offer to purchase any security or investment
product. Any such offer or solicitation may only be made by means of delivery of an approved confidential offering memorandum.
Specific companies or securities shown in this presentation are meant to demonstrate Third Point’s investment style and the t ypes of
industries and instruments in which we invest and are not selected based on past performance. The analyses and conclusions of Third
Point contained in this presentation include certain statements, assumptions, estimates and projections that reflect various assumptions
by Third Point concerning anticipated results that are inherently subject to significant economic, competitive, and other uncertainties and
contingencies and have been included solely for illustrative purposes. No representations express or implied, are made as to the accuracy
or completeness of such statements, assumptions, estimates or projections or with respect to any other materials herein. Third Point may
buy, sell, cover, or otherwise change the nature, form, or amount of its investments, including any investments identified in  this letter,
without further notice and in Third Point’s sole discretion and for any reason. Third Point hereby disclaims any duty to update any
information in this letter.
This letter may include performance and other position information relating to once activist positions that are no longer act ive but for
which there remain residual holdings managed in a non-engaged manner. Such holdings may continue to be categorized as activist during
such holding period for portfolio management, risk management and investor reporting purposes, among other things.
Information provided herein, or otherwise provided with respect to a potential investment in the Funds, may constitute non -public
information regarding Malibu Life Holdings Limited, listed on the London Stock Exchange, and accordingly dealing or trading in the shares
of the listed instrument on the basis of such information may violate securities laws in the United Kingdom, United States and elsewhere.
Page 13
New Series (Excludes Legacy Private Investments)3
Q
4
1
ANNUALIZED NET
RETURN
2
TP OFFSHORE
FUND
, LTD.
2.0
%
13.1
%
CS HF EVENT
-
DRIVEN INDEX
1.1%
6.9%
S&P 500 INDEX (TR)
2.7%
9.8%
MSCI WORLD INDEX (TR)
3.2%
8.3%
1Through December 31, 2025.
2Annualized Return from inception (December 1996 for TP Offshore and quoted indices).
3“New Series (Excludes Legacy Private Investments)” uses the existing series track record form inception through May 31, 2023.
Returns from June 1, 2023 and onward exclude legacy private investments.