1
Past performance is no indication or guarantee of future results. See “Important Disclosures and Terms & Conditions” at the end of
this letter. © 2026 Tsai Capital Corporation (Tsai Capital®). All rights reserved.
+1 917 979  4821  • www.tsaicapital.com
January 2026
Investor Letter 2025 – What the Hell is Water?
Dear Partners and Friends,
“There are these two young fish swimming along, and they happen to meet an older fish swimming the
other way, who nods at them and says, ‘Morning, boys, how’s the water?’ And the two young fish swim
on for a bit, and then eventually one of them looks over at the other and goes, ‘What the hell is water? ’”
David Foster Wallace, the great American novelist, opened his commencement speech at Kenyon College
with this story in 2005, about three years before he died.
When I first read these words, I kind of chuckled and moved on. But like Michelangelo ’s David, which
might initially strike you as just a grand marble figure, profound words gain richer meaning over time with
repeated encounters. At first, a simple speech like Wallace’s This Is Water  might seem straightforward.
With time, however, just as the sculpture’s intricate veins, poised tension, and hidden expressions emerge
when viewed from different perspectives, words sink in, resonating more deeply as life’s experiences —
especially our mistakes—add new layers of understanding.
I feel that much of what we experience in life is like water. Water is essential and ubiquitous, shaping and
reshaping every aspect of our lives and our society. Yet we hardly  ever pause to notice its significance.
Likewise, the routines, assumptions, and cultural norms we swim in are so constant that they fade into the
background, even though they define our reality. In this way, the currents of habit and expectation silently
orchestrate our existence, eluding awareness until a deliberate gaze pierces the veil, if that happens at all.
The idea that much of what we experience in life goes undetected connects deeply to an issue that  I’ve
been pondering a lot lately: investors’ rigidity —or myopia —in judging compan ies’ valuations and
assessing business durability. In the context of investing, the water  in which we swim includes all of the
ingrained assumptions, mental shortcuts, and dogmas that many investors accept, often without
questioning. As Charlie Munger observed, “People tend to accumulate large mental holdings of fixed
conclusions and attitudes that are not often reexamined or changed, even though there is plenty of good
evidence that they are wrong.” This danger is particularly evident when considering the origins of enduring
business success, an area where unexamined assumptions tend to blind investors to the subtle forces at
play.
For example, I think it’s important to ask, why do “economic castles” exist? In other words, why do some
companies possess such powerful competitive advantages and create so much shareholder value? This is a
question that captivates me. I believe the answer—at least, partially—has to do with the environment that
certain businesses consciously construct without the consumer being aware of it. These companies don’t
merely sell products or services; they engineer entire ecosystems that redefine how we live, work, and
interact. And because their competitive advantages generally go unnoticed and misunderstood until they
become too evident to dismiss, they are often undervalued by the marketplace. 1 Fortunately, the market’s
1 We consider a business undervalued when its current market price is below our estimate of its intrinsic value. We determine
this intrinsic value ex-ante primarily through discounted cash flow (DCF) analysis, in which we project expected future free
cash flows to equity holders and discount them back to the present using a discount rate that exceeds our minimum required
2
Past performance is no indication or guarantee of future results. See “Important Disclosures and Terms & Conditions” at the end of
this letter. © 2026 Tsai Capital Corporation (Tsai Capital®). All rights reserved.
short-sightedness intermittently provides us with opportunities to invest at reasonable prices in exceptional
businesses that have the potential to compound at high rates of return over long periods of time.
The Medium is the Moat: McLuhan’s Take on Tech’s Hidden Power
When I think about those ecosystems that gradually emerge beneath the surface of society, I’m reminded
of some seminal insights from  the media theorist Marshall McLuhan . He  explored how media 2 and
environments shape human perception and behavior , and he regarded James Joyce’s Finnegans Wake as
one of the best guides to the effects of media —an experimental novel in which the primary “actors” are
not people but interacting forms of communication. If you’re unfamiliar with McLuhan and want to learn
more about media, consider watching Woody Allen’s Annie Hall, which features McLuhan in a memorable
cameo role, and then take the plunge into Finnegans Wake.
Central to McLuhan’s philosophy is the concept that “new environments” —created by emerging
technologies, tools, or media—exert a pervasive, often invisible influence on society. McLuhan argued that
the medium itself, more than the content it carries, profoundly shapes our thoughts, interactions, and
worldviews. This influence arises from the medium’s ability to subtly transform behavior, cognition, and
social structures, often unnoticed and unchallenged.
A key aspect of McLuhan’s philosophy is humanity’s tendency to fixate on the content—a TV program, a
social media post, or a book’s narrative, for example —while ignoring the medium’s profound structural
effects. He noted, “it is the framework itself that changes with the new technology, and not just the picture
within the frame.” We might argue over the details of a news story, say, yet overlook how the immediacy
of social media or the visual impact of television can alter our very grasp of information. Our preoccupation
with content blinds us to the deeper, more significant shifts produced by the architecture, pace, and sensory
demands of the medium itself. Indeed, content engages us visibly, but the medium rewires our experiences
fundamentally. Just think of social media platforms like X and Facebook. The algorithmic, instantaneous
nature of the medium has an extraordinary capacity to fragment attention and redefine social bonds.
It’s easy to overlook the importance of environments because they integrate seamlessly into our senses and
habits, becoming extensions of us. Consider the smartphone, which has  revolutionized communication,
productivity, and cognition. We tend to dwell on the content served up by the apps on our phones, yet we
rarely contemplate a more profound aspect of what’s happening here: namely, the pervasive effects of
perpetual connectivity. As McLuhan put it, “We shape our tools, and thereafter our tools shape us.”
This is consistent  with philosopher Maurice Merleau -Ponty’s ideas on embodied perception —that our
awareness is not just mental but deeply rooted in our bodily interactions with the world, shaping us invisibly
like an extension of ourselves. For instance, Merleau-Ponty describes how a blind person’s cane becomes
return, thereby providing a margin of safety. Notably, undervaluation can exist even when a stock trades at a high price-to-
earnings (P/E) ratio—including ratios based on projected earnings or variants like the cyclically adjusted P/E. Intrinsic value is
forward-looking, reflecting the present value of all expected future free cash flows, whereas P/E ratios provide only a partial
snapshot of a specific period’s earnings. These earnings may be temporarily depressed by heavy yet efficient reinvestment
(e.g., R&D, sales and marketing, or capital expenditures) that, if successful, significantly enhances long -term value despite
near-term profitability pressure. In contrast, inefficient reinvestment tends to destroy long -term value and is a clear sign of
overvaluation.
2 In Marshall McLuhan’s philosophy, “media” is the plural form of “medium,” referring to any extension of human beings —
such as technologies, tools, or forms—that amplify or enhance human senses, capabilities, perceptions, or actions. The
significance of media lies not primarily in their content, but in the structural changes they impose on human affairs, altering
scale, pace, or patterns of interaction and society.
3
Past performance is no indication or guarantee of future results. See “Important Disclosures and Terms & Conditions” at the end of
this letter. © 2026 Tsai Capital Corporation (Tsai Capital®). All rights reserved.
part of their body, not just a tool, allowing them to “feel” the environment without conscious effort.  For
better and for worse, our phones have become an equally indispensable extension of our minds and bodies.
In summary, McLuhan contended that new media environments command immense power by quietly
reconfiguring human existence, with our gaze diverted by the content they convey. True comprehension
demands that we redirect our focus to the medium’s form, structure, and the world it architects.
The McLuhan framework extends elegantly to contemporary disruptions like robotics and the advent of
autonomous vehicles (AVs), helping to illuminate why certain companies thrive as “economic castles.”
In robotics, the real “medium” isn’t just the robots that are performing tasks—it’s the whole tech system
that changes workplaces, economies, and society. This shifts job structures, needed skills, and power
balances in ways that are often difficult to perceive without careful attention. People typically focus on the
obvious “content,” such as job losses. But they tend to miss some of the  bigger changes: human work
becomes less valued; a disproportionate amount of the spoils go to workers with specialized skills; wealth
gaps grow. These far-reaching effects are often obscured by what’s happening on the surface as the robotic
economy drives greater efficiency and produces new structures, which blend in through seemingly
mundane innovations like self-checkouts in stores.
For autonomous vehicles, the medium transforms transportation and city layouts, gradually shifting
consumers away from owning cars toward sharing fleets. The content—for example, algorithms and safety
stats—can easily distract us from noticing subtle, yet profound effects such as less personal control, lost
jobs for drivers of trucks and taxis , a greater dependence on big tech companies that turn data into profit,
the erosion of privacy, and changes to urban life as cities are designed more for AVs than public transport.
Building on these examples of robotics and autonomous vehicles as transformative media, we can see how
McLuhan’s principles come to life in the strategies of visionary enterprises. These companies don’t just
adopt such innovations—they actively forge them into competitive fortresses that redefine entire industries.
For instance, Amazon’s robotic warehouses exemplify the medium’s power, where the content of swift
deliveries masks an environment of unparalleled logistics efficiency, data mastery, and consumer  lock-in
that elevates barriers sky-high; pricing power, fully flexed or latent, almost always follows.
Costco’s membership ecosystem shapes a medium of habitual loyalty and bulk purchasing , while its
content of deals obscures the profound behavioral shifts it instills. By intentionally forging these dominant
ecosystems, these companies can quietly secure advantages that elude conventional metrics.
Why is this so important and relevant to us as investors? Because rich rewards are likely to accrue to the
small minority that can peer beyond the surface to discern the true currents of innovation and value creation.
This way of thinking requires an ability not only to recognize these underlying economic forces, but to
position oneself patiently to benefit as these forces play out over many years.
This forward-thinking approach stands in stark contrast to traditional value investing strategies. As I see it,
we’re most likely to find multi-baggers within these transformative domains, not in the comforting world
of low price-to-earnings ratios. Most investors fixate on a single year of earnings—whether the past twelve
months or the forward twelve months—and judge a company’s valuation based on those figures alone. But
in order to capture superior returns, it’s important to envision the future: not just one year out, but five and
even ten years out. That will ultimately determine where the price is going . When viewed through this
long-term lens, stocks th at appear optically expensive based on near -term earnings may actually be
profoundly undervalued if their future cash flows are sufficiently large and durable. But let me be clear:
4
Past performance is no indication or guarantee of future results. See “Important Disclosures and Terms & Conditions” at the end of
this letter. © 2026 Tsai Capital Corporation (Tsai Capital®). All rights reserved.
this does not justify paying any price. Even exceptional businesses can be poor investments if purchased
at excessive valuations—especially when there is no margin of safety.
From S-Curves to Starlink: The Hidden Graphs of Exponential Disruption
As I reflect on the environments that visionary companies cultivate , I’m reminded of a speech I delivered
at the Latticework and Zurich Project conferences, “Investing in an Age of Disruption .”3 In that talk, I
explored how rapid technological and business model shifts are reshaping industries at an accelerating
pace, often catching investors off guard. Just as David Foster Wallace urges us to awaken to the world
around us, and Marshall McLuhan compels us to look beyond content to the medium’s profound influence,
investing demands a similar vigilance. We must recognize the unseen, yet inexorable forces of
transformation that redefine markets, lest we remain like those young fish, oblivious to the currents carrying
us along.
This call to awareness finds vivid expression in the dynamics of disruption, which investors consistently
underestimate in both speed and scale. Transformative change, whether through innovations like the steam
engine (1712) or the iPhone (2007), often follows an S -curve: a deceptively slow start that erupts into
exponential growth once critical tipping points are reached. 4 This mirrors the process described by
McLuhan, whereby media create easily overlooked  effects that end up dramatically reshaping society.
Similarly, feedback loops in volume-cost dynamics—such as those driving battery electric vehicles (BEVs)
and solar energy—exponentially accelerate adoption at a relentless pace, while incumbents face entropy,
their systems decaying like closed thermodynamic ones losing energy.
The very foundations of these disruptions lie in a paradigm shift from the tangible constraints of the
material world to the limitless possibilities of the virtual world. Let’s not forget that we were nurtured in a
realm dominated by the laws of physics—gravity, friction, viscosity, the conservation of matter, the sonic
and luminous barriers, and myriad other immutable constraints. Yet in the boundless expanse of the
internet, such shackles evaporate: no gravity, no viscosity, no conservation of essence.
Companies that truly  grasp this transcendent liberation and that value efficiency are best-positioned to
prevail as the triumphant architects of tomorrow, while those who tenaciously adhere to archaic realms and
antiquated paradigms of commerce succumb to obsolescence.
This liberation extends beyond physical laws to societal structures, democratizing opportunity in profound
ways. In a parallel vein, the internet has shattered the longstanding barriers that once separated the
achievements of the young from those of the old. In eras predating this digital revolution, building a fortune
in one’s youth was a rarity, given the advantages that came from hard-won experience, extensive networks,
and resources that age alone could confer. Yet the internet, as a boundless extension of human intellect and
connectivity, has empowered the young with instantaneous access to knowledge, capital, and global
collaboration, transforming youth itself into a force capable of forging empires unbound by the traditional
dictates of time and maturity.  That’s precisely why I devote so much time to pondering which new
company—launched by a proverbial kid in a garage—might disrupt the businesses we already own.
3 Tsai, Christopher. “Investing in an Age of Disruption.” Tsai Capital, 8 June 2023, https://tsaicapital.com/investing-in-an-
age-of-disruption.php.
4 Tony Seba, a leading thinker on technological disruption whose work has influenced Tsai Capital’s investment approach,
observes that disruptions typically begin slowly, with new technologies achieving only modest initial market penetration of
1% to 2%. Once a critical tipping point is reached, however, adoption accelerates exponentially, rapidly capturing up to 80%
of the market. Eventually, saturation sets in, and growth decelerates.
5
Past performance is no indication or guarantee of future results. See “Important Disclosures and Terms & Conditions” at the end of
this letter. © 2026 Tsai Capital Corporation (Tsai Capital®). All rights reserved.
This digital emancipation underpins the transformative power of innovations like robotics and autonomous
vehicles, which are not merely tools but extensions of the internet’s architecture, reshaping labor, urban
design, economies, and societies. Leading companies  harness the internet’s connectivity to create
ecosystems in which real-time data aggregation fuels self-reinforcing cycles of innovation and dominance.
Our brains, evolutionarily wired for linear progression, struggle to grasp these exponential shi fts enabled
by digital networks. As investors, clinging to outdated assumptions is akin to fixating on content while the
medium—the internet-driven ecosystem—rewires and reconfigures the world.
This is where Occam’s Razor meets McLuhan in the marketplace: when explaining explosive growth or
durable moats, the simplest sufficient cause is often the invisible network structure itself. The medium,
once again, is the message—and the moat. We don’t need to fixate on superficial details, such as whether
a company has beaten (or fallen short of)  Wall Street’s quarterly earnings expectations or whether the
business will be helped (or harmed) by macroeconomic forces that are exceedingly difficult (or impossible)
to predict. When we mistakenly focus on this type of ephemeral content, we risk missing deeper truths
about the way moats actually develop around these “economic castles.”  Put simply, visionary companies
don’t just compete; they architect digital infrastructures that compound value durably.
Credit for this architectural insight should go, in part, to the late Donella Meadows, an American
environmental scientist and writer whose book, Thinking in Systems: A Primer, has profoundly shaped my
approach to investing. For anyone with a peculiar fascination for systems and feedback loops, this book is
essential reading! Meadows explains: “When a systems thinker encounters a problem, the first thing he or
she does is look for data, time graphs, the history of the system. That’s because long-term behavior provides
clues to the underlying system structure. And structure is the key to underst anding not just what is
happening, but why.”
In investing, if the price of a stock baffles us, we must probe this structure. Often, the market value aligns
perfectly with it —we simply haven ’t grasped this reality yet. Consider Apple in 2007, when its market
value rivaled the combined worth of its major competitors. This valuation, seemingly lofty, was justified
by the powerful network effects Apple was forging, positioning the company to dominate in a winner -
takes-most market. As its business model evolved alongside these unseen structural shifts, it demanded
evaluation through a fresh, discerning lens.
Such architectural prowess is vividly illuminated with the help of graph theory, a mathematical framework
that models systems as nodes  (representing individual elements, such as cars or satellites) and edges (the
connections between them, such as data links or communication signals). Just as media environments have
the capacity to subtly rewire society, so graph theory reveals the hidden structures underlying modern
networks, where connectivity becomes an invisible force driving exponential value.
SpaceX’s Starlink constellation embodies this paradigm, with satellites as nodes forming a mesh of laser
links and ground communications. This low -Earth orbit graph delivers global broadband, where adding
nodes reduces latency and boosts resilience, akin to perco lation theory 5 and the emergence of a “giant
connected component” for seamless coverage. These networks aren’t mere infrastructure; they are all-
powerful environments that reshape access, commerce, and information flow , particularly  in remote
regions, outpacing legacy providers.
5 Percolation theory, a branch of graph theory and statistical physics, models the emergence of connectivity in random
networks, such as Tesla’s vehicle data-sharing fleet or Starlink’s satellite mesh. It studies how nodes (e.g., cars, satellites) and
edges (e.g., data links, laser communications) form a “giant connected component” above a critical connection threshold or
tipping point, enabling robust, scalable systems. This mirrors the invisible network effects that drive competitive moats for
visionary companies as connectivity thresholds amplify value and defensibility in their ecosystems.
6
Past performance is no indication or guarantee of future results. See “Important Disclosures and Terms & Conditions” at the end of
this letter. © 2026 Tsai Capital Corporation (Tsai Capital®). All rights reserved.
At the heart of these advantages lie network effects, whereby a product’s value surges with each new user
or node, often following Metcalfe’s Law.6 That’s to say, the growth in value is proportional to the square
of connected participants. This creates a virtuous cycle: more connections yield superior performance,
attracting further adoption and erecting formidable barriers. New entrants grapple with the “chicken-and-
egg” dilemma, lacking the scale to generate initial value, while incumbents benefit from plummeting per -
user costs and data-driven innovations.
Like the water that Wallace describes or the media that McLuhan dissects, these network effects operate
invisibly. Yet they gradually become integrated into daily life in ways that render these businesses mightily
resistant to competition . Of course, the se companies are  not invincible. They can still jeopardize their
advantages through mismanagement, and they remain vulnerable to regulation. But in connectivity-driven
domains, it’s remarkably difficult for rivals to break through the defenses of these modern-day “economic
castles.” For one thing, the dominant platform has built up considerable advantages in terms of data. Plus,
it’s expensive for users to switch to a new platform and risk losing the benefits of their social network.
Visionary companies generate outsized returns by mastering these graph -like environments , with their
nodes and edges and emergent connectivity. Investors who succeed in identifying these businesses can reap
extraordinary returns over many years  or even decades . But, as you can see,  this requires a n unusually
penetrating form of analysis that involves discerning the subtle currents beneath surface metrics.
As Indigenous Australian thinker and author Tyson Yunkaporta writes in Sand Talk, “People today will
mostly focus on the points of connection, the nodes of interest like stars in the sky. But the real
understanding comes in the spaces in between, in the relational forces that connect and move the points....
If you can see the relational forces connecting and moving the elements of a system, rather than focusing
on the elements themselves, you are able to see a pattern outside linear time. If you bring that pattern back
into linear time, this can be called a prediction in today’s world.”
In an era of disruption, peering beyond the content to  perceive the architecture of the medium isn’t just
insightful. It’s essential for investors who seek to own the multi-baggers that are redefining our world.
Fractal Growth: How Tech Giants Scale Exponentially
The scalability of technology companies often defies linear thinking, following a fractal-like pattern where
growth accelerates at higher scales and often culminates in stark disparities. Indeed, Benoit Mandelbrot,
the so-called father of fractals, observed that “Extreme inequality is a familiar pattern in nature and in the
works of humans.”
Unlike the smooth, predictable forms of Euclidean geometry, fractals reveal infinite complexity and non -
integer dimensions that better model this exponential scaling in tech, where power-law distributions favor
a few dominant players. For example, each ord er-of-magnitude increase in market capitalization —from
$10 billion to $100 billion, or $100 billion to $1 trillion —might seem exponentially harder, like adding
digits to a number. Yet, counterintuitively, the leap from higher levels is often easier. At $10 0 billion, a
company’s momentum—fueled by network effects, data dominance, and operational leverage —reduces
6 Metcalfe’s Law posits that the value of a network grows proportionally to the square of the number of its connected users or
nodes, capturing the exponential power of network effects. In the context of companies like Tesla and SpaceX, this principle
highlights how interconnected ecosystems—such as Tesla’s data-sharing vehicle fleet or Starlink’s satellite constellation—
amplify value as more participants join, creating self-reinforcing moats that enhance scalability, resilience, and competitive
dominance, often remaining invisible to participants (like water to a fish).
7
Past performance is no indication or guarantee of future results. See “Important Disclosures and Terms & Conditions” at the end of
this letter. © 2026 Tsai Capital Corporation (Tsai Capital®). All rights reserved.
the relative risk of tenfold growth. These self -reinforcing feedback loops create a robust ecosystem that
amplifies scale.
It seems to me that to figure out who will win any given technology race, we also need to look at the rate
of acceleration of innovation and growth. That’s because  in any technological race, the company that
ultimately dominates is not the one with the biggest base today, but the one with the steepest slope of
acceleration. In other words, whoever compounds fastest eventually devours the competition—because in
exponential races, slope crushes scale.
This fractal -like scalability manifests in real -world examples, such as Starlink’s satellite mesh, which
strengthens its dominance in global broadband as each new satellite enhances coverage and revenue
potential. These self -similar patterns —akin to fracta ls in nature —emerge across growth, strategy, and
market dynamics, driving outsized returns for leading technology companies. The network effects modeled
by Metcalfe’s Law and percolation theory create exponential value as nodes (users, devices, or satellit es)
multiply, while data dominance enables AI -driven innovations that further entrench market leadership.
Operational leverage, where fixed costs spread over growing output, drives margins higher, making scale
a moat in itself. Indeed, multi-trillion-dollar valuations have already become a reality for several companies
and are poised to emerge for even more, as these dynamics continue to amplify, particularly for dominant
businesses.
For investors, it’s vital to understand that these fractal -like growth patterns signal that multi -baggers
emerge not from static metrics like low price-to-earnings ratios but from companies that architect scalable,
connected environments. Missing these opportunities by clinging to linear assumptions  and heuristics is
akin to ignoring the water that Wallace describes in his story about those naive young fish.
It is precisely this awareness that guides our investment approach at Tsai Capital . We are dedicated to
seeing the world through new eyes, investing your hard -earned capital in companies led by visionary
management teams and in technologies that are scalable and transformative. Our portfolio companies lead
the charge, embracing change and navigating challenges with clarity and purpose.
Why Should It Be Easy?
While we see tremendous upside potential in the visionary companies we own, it’s important to recognize
that all great growth businesses inevitably experience growing pains. Realizing their full potential demands
not just insight into disruption and scale, but also the patience to let the magic of compounding unfold amid
uncertainty and volatility.
In The Power and Challenges of Compounding 7, I emphasized that, during market tumult, restraint often
outshines impulsive action. As we know from decades of investor behavior studies,  attempts to time the
market are fraught with peril. Nonetheless, human instincts, shaped by eons of survival, typically impel
investors to act rather than pause—a compulsion that is now intensified in an age of ceaseless information
and unsettling predictions of looming losses.
Bruce Lee, the legendary martial artist, declared, “I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once,
but I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times.” So , too, in the craft of investing: the most
effective practitioners are those who exhibit consistent discipline and steadfast patience. Instead of yielding
7 Tsai, Christopher. “The Power and Challenges of Compounding.” Tsai Capital, https://tsaicapital.com/the-power-and-
challenges-of-compounding.php.
8
Past performance is no indication or guarantee of future results. See “Important Disclosures and Terms & Conditions” at the end of
this letter. © 2026 Tsai Capital Corporation (Tsai Capital®). All rights reserved.
to fleeting emotions or chasing ephemeral trends, they keep plugging away, studying industries from  a
multidisciplinary perspective and remaining anchored in a rigorous commitment to business fundamentals.
This disciplined mindset is indispensable in compounding capital over decades —and it’s particularly
crucial in periods when stocks falter or stagnate . Many investors can’t resist the temptation to sell
prematurely and chase performance elsewhere. The trouble is, this impatience often leads them to forfeit
the dazzling surges that frequently follow. Consider Tesla: since its 2010 initial public offering, 90% of its
gains have occurred in just 5% of trading days—fewer than 13 days a year, on average!8
No one can reliably predict those pivotal moments. Yet most investors fixate on short -term news or stock
price fluctuations, which I view as the least revealing metric. The true driver of long-term value creation is
a company’s return on capital, which may  be temporarily suppressed by aggressive capital reinvestment
into growth as part of its core business model. Understanding a company’s business model is , therefore,
essential, and this requires deep work and a first-principles approach to uncover value that many overlook
due to the effort involved. With that in mind, let’s examine the tangible results of our investment approach.
Portfolio Update and Performance Review
For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Tsai Capital Growth Equity Strategy gained 8.5% before fees
and 7.6% after fees, compared with a total return of 17.9% for the S&P 500 Index.
Since its inception 26 years ago, the Tsai Capital Growth Equity Strategy has gained 970% cumulatively
before fees and 658% after fees, compared with a total return of 639% for the S&P 500 Index.
Tsai Capital’s performance since inception equates to an annualized return of 9.7% before fees and 8.2%
after fees, compared with an annualized return of 8.1% for the S&P 500 Index.
Since fees are based on the amount of assets under management and therefore vary by investor, gross
returns are presented to offer a clear view of the portfolio’s underlying performance. More information on
historical returns is provided in Exhibit I at the end of this letter.
Performance of the strategy, since inception, was achieved without the use of leverage, derivatives, and
short selling.
Our goal is to invest for the long term in outstanding companies that can rapidly and profitably deploy
capital into the best ideas and people. However, I remain ready to divest swiftly if I believe that I’ve made
a mistake—or if significantly better opportunities arise.
Today, the portfolio consists of 17 high-quality growth companies across sectors  as diverse  as asset
management, building materials distribution, digital payments, electric vehicles and robotics, insurance,
and veterinary diagnostics. Similar to last year, we hold little cash, as we do not engage in market timing.
You should know that our top five investments —our highest conviction ideas  on a risk-adjusted basis—
represent an outsized portion of capital. In fact, our strategic target calls for the top five positions to account
for 50% of capital. Our top five positions are listed below in alphabetical order, along with our latest
insights and the year when the stock first entered the portfolio. Please note that your individual account
allocation may vary from these targets due to market conditions and other factors.
8 Source: Tsai Capital analysis
9
Past performance is no indication or guarantee of future results. See “Important Disclosures and Terms & Conditions” at the end of
this letter. © 2026 Tsai Capital Corporation (Tsai Capital®). All rights reserved.
• Amazon.com (AMZN—Year of First Purchase: 2017)
Established in 1994 by Jeff Bezos within the humble confines of his garage, Amazon has evolved
into a colossus that commands unparalleled dominance across its diverse markets. Despite its
immense scale, the company’s e-commerce arm continues to capture additional market share with
remarkable agility. Meanwhile, its cloud computing powerhouse, Amazon Web Services (AWS),
stands as the undisputed leader in its domain. We estimate that AWS currently accounts for more
than 50% of Amazon’s aggregate operating profits.
Both the retail operations and AWS have significant competitive advantages and offer exceptional
value to customers. Eschewing the temptation to exploit its vast stature for immediate profit
maximization, Amazon embraces a scale -economies-shared business model , generously
redistributing a substantial share of its margins back to consumers. This strategic benevolence
ignites a virtuous flywheel, perpetually strengthening the company’s ecosystem.
By channeling substantial investments into its operations today to create even greater shareholder
value tomorrow, Amazon obscures the true magnitude of its latent earnings potential. As shoppers
increasingly pivot from brick -and-mortar retail to digital marketplaces, and as vast troves of data
transition from local servers to cloud environm ents, we anticipate that Amazon’s revenues will
expand at a compound annual growth rate of approximately 10% over the next five years, with
earnings per share poised to more than double during that timeframe.
• Apple (AAPL—Year of First Purchase: 2016)
We initiated our Apple investment in 2016 and elevated it to a core holding in 2018, the same year
the company unveiled its redesigned 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pro models. Under Tim Cook’s
far-sighted leadership, Apple has continually redefined innovation across hardware and software.
Today, Apple’s ecosystem powers about 2.4 billion active devices, bolstered by a rapidly expanding
subscription services base. This approach has supercharged customer engagement and spending. In
fiscal 2025 (ended September), the high-margin, stable subscription services segment accounted
for roughly 42% of total gross profits, up from about 39% the previous year.
The September 2025 iPhone 17 launch —featuring the iPhone 17, iPhone 17 Pro, iPhone 17 Pro
Max, and the new ultra-thin iPhone Air (replacing the Plus)—has posted one of the strongest early
sales cycles in recent years. Key drivers include the A19 chip, larger displays, and 12 0Hz refresh
rates across all models.
We expect rising revenues from new product launches , services, margin expansion, and share
repurchases to fuel approximately 10% annual growth in earnings per share over the next several
years. A decade after we first purchased shares, we believe Apple remains one of the highest-quality
businesses on the planet.
• Brookfield Corporation (BN—Year of First Purchase: 2025)
Brookfield Corporation, headquartered in Toronto, Canada, stands as a preeminent global
alternative asset manager and operator, harnessing a vast permanent capital base of over $180
billion to invest in and scale high-quality businesses across infrastructure, renewable power, private
equity, real estate, and beyond. With more than $1 trillion in assets under management through its
10
Past performance is no indication or guarantee of future results. See “Important Disclosures and Terms & Conditions” at the end of
this letter. © 2026 Tsai Capital Corporation (Tsai Capital®). All rights reserved.
majority-owned asset management arm (Brookfield Asset Management) and a growing $135 billion
insurance solutions platform, the company deploys patient, opportunistic capital into real assets that
power the global economy—delivering resilient, inflation-protected returns in an era of accelerating
energy transition and digital infrastructure demand.
Brookfield’s culture of disciplined value creation and long -term stewardship serves as its bedrock
competitive moat, fostering a collaborative ecosystem where operators, investors, and
entrepreneurs thrive under a unified philosophy of prudent risk -taking and operational excellence.
This ethos not only attracts top-tier talent and proprietary deal flow but also amplifies the flywheel
of compounding insights and relationships, positioning the firm to capitalize on market dislocations
with unmatched agility and insight.
We are confident that Brookfield is on track to achieve its ambitious five -year targets, supported
by robust fundraising, accelerating fee -related earnings growth, and disciplined deployment of
capital at attractive internal rates of return. This positions the company to deliver its stated goal of
15%+ annualized total returns for shareholders through the cycle, driven by expanding recurring
fee streams, strong investment performance across its platforms, and the powerful secular tailwind
of institutional investors shifting trillions of dollars into alternative assets in the coming years.
Under the steady hand of CEO Bruce Flatt and a world-class management team, we are profoundly
optimistic about Brookfield’s positioning as a generational compounder. The company’s masterful
capital allocation—reinvesting float-like permanent capital into undervalued opportunities while
maintaining fortress-like balance sheets—has consistently unlocked outsized value, and we believe
it will continue to do so amid a favorable macro backdrop for real assets. A cornerstone of enduring
quality in our portfolio, Brookfield exemplifies the rare blend of scale, sophistication, and
shareholder alignment that defines exceptional businesses.
• QXO (QXO—Year of First Purchase: 2024)
In 2024, we initiated a position in QXO at approximately $11 per share. Under Brad Jacobs’
leadership, the company is in the early stages of executing a bold plan to consolidate and disrupt
the $800 billion building products distribution industry. Having previously invested in two of
Brad’s highly successful ventures—United Rentals and XPO Logistics—Tsai Capital is excited to
back his latest endeavor.
Our strategy focuses on partnering with exceptional capital allocators. Having followed Brad’s
remarkable career for nearly three decades and spent countless hours in discussions with him, I rank
him among the very best. His personal commitment of $900 million to QXO further aligns his
interests with ours.
In August 2025, QXO completed its first acquisition: Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc., purchased in
an all-cash deal valued at approximately $11 billion and funded with a mix of equity and debt. With
8,000 employees and 110,000 customers, Beacon is North America’s largest roofing products
distributor, also offering complementary building products and waterproofing materials.
Beacon stands to benefit directly from a four-million-unit housing shortage in the U.S. and from
the country’s aging housing stock. We view this acquisition as comparable to Brad’s 2015 purchase
of Con-way for XPO, which doubled cash flow in just 3.5 years.
11
Past performance is no indication or guarantee of future results. See “Important Disclosures and Terms & Conditions” at the end of
this letter. © 2026 Tsai Capital Corporation (Tsai Capital®). All rights reserved.
Brad and his talented management team have already implemented operational changes at Beacon,
including streamlining its nine -level legacy organizational chart. We expect the team to expand
Beacon’s EBITDA margins by about 500 basis points and to double cash flow within four years.
Ultimately, we envision QXO achieving over $50 billion in revenue with returns on capital of 17 -
23%.
• Tesla (TSLA—Year of First Purchase: 2020)
Tesla is a leading artificial intelligence (AI) company that has formidable competitive advantages
across various sectors, including electric vehicles, software, and energy storage. Our investment in
Tesla traces its origins to February 2020, when we acquired shares at an average initial cost of
$41.66 per share9.
Tesla stands as a profound anomaly in the corporate landscape, charting an utterly unconventional
course that frequently engenders bewilderment in the markets and draws sharp rebukes from short
sellers and skeptics alike.
Guided by Elon Musk, a controversial yet  highly skilled capital allocator, Tesla has embraced a
scale-economies-shared business model, strategically reducing prices to amplify the allure of its
offerings, accelerate widespread adoption, and broaden the horizons of its total addressable market.
With its distinctive innovations, vast operational scale, and impressive cost efficiencies, Tesla is
steadily eroding the foundations of entrenched legacy automakers, burdened as they are by
hundreds of billions of dollars in obsolescent infrastructure amid the inexorable shift toward electric
vehicles—and, in due course, fully autonomous mobility. Although competition is destined to
escalate, we foresee Tesla significantly increasing  its vehicle production and deliveries as the
overall market for electric vehicles expands.
We also believe Tesla’s AI capabilities remain underestimated—and consequently undervalued. In
fact, we think the company is at the beginning of a hypergrowth phase . We anticipate that it will
eventually operate millions of autonomous vehicles  and will own the majority of the autonomous
market; that it  will extend licenses for its self -driving software to rivals , generating recurrent
revenues with 70-80% margins from those licenses; and that it will scale substantially in robotics.
Looking to the Future, with the Wind at Our Backs
Let’s return for a moment to David Foster Wallace and his precious insight that the most important realities
are often the hardest to see—the water in which the fish swim. At Tsai Capital, we strive never to be those
fish. Our work demands constant awareness of the deeper currents influencing the economy and financial
markets: the invisible architectures of networks, incentives, and feedback loops that separate fleeting
winners from enduring, trillion-dollar franchises.
This penetrating awareness lies at the heart of everything we attempt to do. We seek visionary leaders who
do not merely react to change but shape the very ecosystems in which their businesses thrive. Challenges
9 The average purchase price is calculated on a dollar -weighted basis over the entire period from February 2020 through April
2020, inclusive of commissions and adjusted for splits. An individual investor ’s average purchase price may differ from the
average purchase price across the firm ’s managed accounts due to market conditions and/or other factors. Past performance is
not indicative of future results.
12
Past performance is no indication or guarantee of future results. See “Important Disclosures and Terms & Conditions” at the end of
this letter. © 2026 Tsai Capital Corporation (Tsai Capital®). All rights reserved.
will always arise—recessions, technological ruptures, regulatory shifts —but history consistently rewards
those who align with progress instead of resisting it.
In 2025, we took various steps to ensure that we remain positioned to ride the most powerful currents. Most
important, we are delighted to welcome Nadim Abi Abdallah as  our Senior Research Analyst. Working
directly with me, Nadim brings a rare blend of engineering rigor (dating back to his undergraduate days at
McGill), strategic depth (honed in a Master’s program at HEC Paris), seven years of buy-side experience,
and a genuine passion for Philip Fisher–style scuttlebutt on exceptional, multi-decade compounders.
We were also fortunate to add Sam Korus and Richard Piliero to the Tsai Capital Advisory Committee.
Their independent thinking, intellectual honesty, and long -term orientation will sharpen our perspective
for years to come.
While some chroniclers of modernity —George Orwell in Nineteen Eighty-Four, T.S. Eliot in The Waste
Land—foresaw a descent into chaos, others greeted the future with wonder. I place myself firmly in Isaac
Asimov’s camp, exhilarated by the possibilities of robotics, AI, and human ingenuity unbound. Your
portfolio has been deliberately constructed to profit from these transformative waves. As my father, Gerald
Tsai, Jr., often reminded me, lasting success belongs to those who feel the wind at their back.
I am deeply grateful for your trust and partnership. Together, let’s continue to focus on seeing what others
miss, embracing change rather than fearing it, and building wealth with patience, discipline, and joy.
Our success remains a collective endeavor. My sincere thanks go to our expanded Advisory Committee,
our service providers, and the remarkable CEOs of the companies we own (Exhibits IV, V, and VI) for
their indispensable contributions.
With gratitude,
Christopher Tsai
13
Past performance is no indication or guarantee of future results. See “Important Disclosures and Terms & Conditions” at the end of
this letter. © 2026 Tsai Capital Corporation (Tsai Capital®). All rights reserved.
Exhibit I
Performance Since Inception (26 Years)
January 1, 2000 (Inception) – December 31, 2025
Annual Returns
Year Tsai Capital Gross Tsai Capital Net S&P 500 TR Excess Return (Net)
2025 8.5% 7.6% 17.9% -10.3%
2024 24.5% 23.0% 25.0% -2.0%
2023 57.0% 55.3% 26.3% 29.0%
2022 -49.5% -50.3% -18.1% -32.2%
2021 19.5% 17.8% 28.7% -11.0%
2020 67.0% 64.6% 18.4% 46.2%
2019 39.5% 37.5% 31.5% 6.0%
2018 -3.7% -4.9% -4.4% -0.5%
2017 18.3% 16.9% 21.8% -4.9%
2016 5.6% 4.5% 12.0% -7.5%
2015 -5.8% -6.0% -0.5% -5.5%
2014 6.7% 5.4% 13.7% -8.3%
2013 21.9% 20.4% 32.4% -12.0%
2012 12.9% 11.6% 16.0% -4.4%
2011 11.7% 10.7% 2.1% 8.6%
2010 14.5% 12.7% 15.1% -2.4%
2009 26.8% 25.2% 26.5% -1.3%
2008 -34.9% -35.8% -37.0% 1.3%
2007 15.9% 14.3% 5.5% 8.8%
2006 8.7% 7.2% 15.8% -8.6%
2005 -1.2% -2.6% 4.9% -7.5%
2004 -5.2% -6.6% 10.9% -17.5%
2003 23.1% 20.9% 28.7% -7.7%
2002 -1.9% -3.6% -22.1% 18.5%
2001 24.8% 22.4% -11.9% 34.3%
2000 14.9% 12.6% -9.1% 21.7%
Summary Performance
Period Tsai Capital Gross Tsai Capital Net S&P 500 TR Excess Return (Net)
Last 1 Year 8.5% 7.6% 17.9% -10.3%
Last 3 Years (Annualized) 28.6% 27.3% 23.1% 4.2%
Last 5 Years (Annualized) 5.1% 3.8% 14.5% -10.7%
Last 7 Years (Annualized) 16.9% 15.4% 17.3% -1.9%
Last 10 Years (Annualized) 13.7% 12.3% 14.9% -2.6%
Since Inception (Annualized) 9.7% 8.2% 8.1% 0.1%
Since Inception (Cumulative) 970% 658% 639% 19.3%
$10M Invested in 2000 → $107.0 million $75.8 million $73.9 million +$1.9 million
Note: The S&P 500 Index is used as a performance benchmark due to its widespread recognition. Most professional investors
underperform this index over time. Alternative indices, such as the Dow Jones Industrial Average or MSCI World Index, could
also be used. Th e Tsai Capital Growth Equity Strategy composite’s returns are presented net and gross of fees  and expenses.
The S&P 500 Index returns include dividends to ensure a comparable assessment.
14
Past performance is no indication or guarantee of future results. See “Important Disclosures and Terms & Conditions” at the end of
this letter. © 2026 Tsai Capital Corporation (Tsai Capital®). All rights reserved.
Exhibit II
Core Disciplines
All-in and Win-Win: Tsai Capital, today, is the result of a quarter century of hard work and continuous,
incremental improvement in all areas of the business. Our success —and our clients’ success—would not
be possible were it not for an aligned group of investors who share a similar mindset. We are all-in.
It’s our mission to bring a scientific spirit and integrity to the business of investment management and to
create win-win outcomes. We seek to build long-term relationships with all our counterparties while being
guided by the African proverb: “If you want to go quickly, go alone. If you want to go far, go together.”
Remember Einstein: In choosing individual securities, Tsai Capital ignores (or exploits) short-term
volatility and focuses instead on the potential for long-term capital appreciation. This approach broadens
the universe of our investment opportunities as other market participants, generally operating under
institutional constraints, have a much shorter time horizon.
Once we have made an investment, we seek to hold it for many years. This long-term strategy is inspired
by an insight widely attributed to Albert Einstein: “Compound interest is the eighth wonder of the world.
He who understands it, earns it; he who doesn’t, pays it.”
Invert, Always Invert: Preservation of capital is of paramount importance to successful long-term
investors. How come? Well, just consider this simple mathematical principle: while a 50% loss reduces $1
of capital to 50 cents, a 100 % gain is then necessary to recover the initial $1 of capital. Moreover, this
phenomenon expands in a non-linear fashion: for example, a 400% gain is required to offset an 80% loss.
Carl Jacobi’s famous exhortation—“invert, always invert” —clearly applies to investing, where  the best
way to make money is first not to lose it.
That’s why we always require a margin of safety before purchasing any stock. No matter how outstanding
a business may be, we will commit capital only when we believe the market offers us a large discount to
the company’s intrinsic value.
Never Forget Tussman: Knowledge acquired through a multidisciplinary approach is essential  to
understanding the world and to minimizing risk. Our extensive network of fellow investors, analysts,
executives, and business owners helps in idea generation and due diligence.
We strive to be open-minded in order to understand all the major factors that might affect the outcome of
an investment. Our goal is to eliminate blind spots. Our research process is inspired by the late Joseph
Tussman, a philosophy professor and educator  who observed, “What the pupil must learn, if he learns
anything at all, is that the world will do most of the work for you, provided you cooperate with it by
identifying how it really works and aligning with those realities.”
Follow the Business, Not the Market: We are convinced that nobody  can consistently predict what the
market will do. That’s a fool’s game. Our capital allocation strategy is, therefore, market agnostic. Instead
of obsessing, as so many others do,  about the direction of the general market, we focus on business
fundamentals. All of our attention is devoted to finding the best individual investments that offer significant
upside potential and a margin of safety at the time of purchase.
15
Past performance is no indication or guarantee of future results. See “Important Disclosures and Terms & Conditions” at the end of
this letter. © 2026 Tsai Capital Corporation (Tsai Capital®). All rights reserved.
It’s All in the Swing: Our preference for inaction motivates us to swing hard when we see a pitch we like.
This results in a relatively focused portfolio —which may substantially deviate from our benchmark over
short time frames.
We are solely focused on investing in compounders, which we define as high -quality growth companies
with durable competitive advantages and the capacity to reinvest capital at high rates of return over long
periods of time.
Finally, in our quest to invest in truly exceptional companies, w e prefer certain business models —
particularly those that benefit from a network effect or some other kind of positive feedback loop. That’s
because growth created in a self-reinforcing manner can be highly durable.
16
Past performance is no indication or guarantee of future results. See “Important Disclosures and Terms & Conditions” at the end of
this letter. © 2026 Tsai Capital Corporation (Tsai Capital®). All rights reserved.
Exhibit III
How We Invest
We believe in transparency. This is particularly important at the beginning of a relationship,  so investors
can make a sound decision in choosing whether to invest with Tsai Capital.
There’s an old African proverb that says, “If you want to go quickly, go alone. If you want to go far, go
together.” I couldn’t agree more. Therefore, in order to encourage an alignment of interests, this letter is
sent to all prospective investors before we engage in a deeper conversation.
Historically, the S&P 500 Index has outperformed the great majority of money managers and most other
indices. It’s my belief that this index is a suitable alternative to Tsai Capital; I therefore propose it as a long-
term benchmark to use in assessing our performance.
I must, however, clarify one point . Over the short term, our performance may yield surprising results —
good or bad —relative to the benchmark . But  this should neither be cause for concern nor celebration.
That’s because our approach is to compound capital over the long  term, ideally in businesses that we can
own for a decade or more. With this in mind, I ask investors to judge our performance using evaluation
periods in excess of five years. Anything less than that is far too short a time frame to evaluate our results.
As an investor, m y only objectives are the preservation and long-term growth of capital. But first, let’s
address what many people are obsessed with : namely, the general market. Trying to predict where it’s
headed is a fool’s game. So, all of my attention is devoted to finding the best individual investments that I
believe offer significant upside potential and a margin of safety at the time of purchase. If you feel that an
alternative strategy is essential to an investment program, you should not be invested with Tsai Capital.
Ideal investments are hard to find, especially in times of market euphoria. I seek to avoid investing in trees
that appear to grow to the sky—that is, situations in which valuations drastically exceed intrinsic business
values. This disciplined approach has helped us to successfully navigate an array of perilous periods,
including the dot -com bubble that burst in 2000, the housing bubble that triggered the Global Financial
Crisis, and the outbreak of COVID-19. And since our buying and selling decisions are not tied to general
market behavior, we may be spectators for long periods of time.
Our preference for inaction  motivates us to swing hard when we see a pitch we like. This results in a
relatively focused portfolio, which, as previously mentioned, may substantially deviate from our
benchmark over short time frames. But these fluctuations are of little importance to the long-term investor.
I ignore them, and I ask you to do the same.
Finally, let me be clear that volatility is not the same as risk. Volatility is price fluctuation, whereas risk is
the potential for permanent loss of capital. Unlike many others, we think of volatility as our friend because
it occasionally grants us the opportunity to buy shares in high-quality growth businesses at large discounts
to their intrinsic value. I focus on preserving capital so that we’ll be in a strong position to seize those rare
and precious opportunities when they arise. Over time, this patient and disciplined investment approach
allows the eighth wonder of the world—compounding—to perform its miracles.
Christopher Tsai
17
Past performance is no indication or guarantee of future results. See “Important Disclosures and Terms & Conditions” at the end of
this letter. © 2026 Tsai Capital Corporation (Tsai Capital®). All rights reserved.
Exhibit IV
Team Tsai
Key Personnel & Advisory
Christopher Tsai, President and Chief Investment Officer
Christopher Tsai is President and Chief Investment Officer of Tsai Capital, an investment management
firm focused on the preservation and long-term growth of capital on behalf of select families and
organizations. With more than a quarter century of experience, and as a third -generation investor whose
financial roots date back to World War II, Mr. Tsai leads the firm’s investment activities and is Chairperson
of the firm’s advisory committee.
Mr. Tsai pursues a value-oriented investment approach and seeks high-quality growth companies that offer
significant upside potential and a margin of safety at the time of purchase. He uses a multidisciplinary
approach to identify companies that he believes have a sustainable competitive advantage and can
compound earnings at an above -average rate over the long  term. Companies in his portfolio tend to have
strong balance sheets, a history of producing high rates of return on capital, and a culture of innovation.
Mr. Tsai’s investment approach has been most influenced by Warren Buffett, Charlie Munger, and Phil
Fisher, as well as by his grandmother and father, the late investor and philanthropist Gerald Tsai Jr. , who
was the first Chinese-American to lead a Dow Jones Industrial company.
Mr. Tsai’s financial roots date back to World War II, as his grandmother, Ruth Tsai, was the first woman
to trade shares on the floor of the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
Prior to forming Tsai Capital, Mr. Tsai was an equity analyst at Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc., John A. Levin &
Co., Inc., and Gabelli Asset Management.
When not looking at businesses, he loves running in nature, quiet time with his books and family,
submersing himself in the arts, and a perfectly steeped pot of tea.
Mr. Tsai received a Bachelor of Arts degree in philosophy and international politics from Middlebury
College.
Nadim Abi Abdallah, Senior Research Analyst
Nadim Elie Abi Abdallah is Senior Research Analyst at Tsai Capital, working directly with Christopher
Tsai to source and analyze exceptional businesses capable of compounding capital over decades.
A McGill engineering graduate with a master’s in strategic management from HEC Paris, Nadim began
building his own portfolio in his early twenties and has spent the past seven years as a buy -side analyst at
value-oriented investment firms. At In Practise, he led primary research through in -depth interviews with
CEOs and industry operators, sharpening his understanding of durable competitive advantages and long -
term growth dynamics.
Influenced by Philip Fisher’s scuttlebutt method, Nadim seeks outstanding companies led by aligned,
visionary management teams and underpinned by strong cultures and organic innovation.
Outside of investing, he is a voracious reader of history and behavioral economics, an avid traveler,
competitive tennis player, trail runner, and daily practitioner of mindfulness meditation.
18
Past performance is no indication or guarantee of future results. See “Important Disclosures and Terms & Conditions” at the end of
this letter. © 2026 Tsai Capital Corporation (Tsai Capital®). All rights reserved.
Sam Korus, Advisory Committee
Mr. Korus is the Director of Research for Autonomous Tech and Robotics at ARK Invest. He joined ARK
over a decade ago and has been an integral team member as the firm grew its assets under management
from tens of millions to tens of billions of dollars. Th roughout his tenure at ARK, Sam has contributed to
building, articulating, and open sourcing high -conviction theses across some of the most cutting -edge
sectors by combining top-down and bottom-up research.
Mr. Korus received a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Pennsylvania in Cognitive Science
with a concentration in Computation and Cognition.
Jason D. Papastavrou, Advisory Committee
Dr. Jason Papastavrou is the founder and Chief Investment Officer of ARIS Capital Management, LLC.
Previously, he was the founder and Managing Director of the Fund of Hedge Funds Strategies Group of
Banc of America Capital Management (BACAP), President of BACAP Alternative Advisors, and a Senior
Portfolio Manager with Deutsche Asset Management.
Dr. Papastavrou was a Tenured Professor at the Purdue University School of Industrial Engineering and a
member of the board of directors of GXO Logistics, Inc. (NYSE: GXO), United Rentals, Inc. (NYSE: URI)
and XPO Logistics, Inc. (NYSE: XPO).
Dr. Papastavrou holds three degrees from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, including a doctorate
in electrical engineering and computer science.
Richard A. Piliero, Advisory Committee
Mr. Piliero is a British investor and private equity pioneer with 23 years of global cross -border leadership
across emerging markets. Based in Dubai, Mr. Piliero is the co -founder of a Swiss -based Digital Family
Office platform that integrates AI, blockchain, and alternative assets for ultra-high-net-worth family offices
and Independent Wealth Managers.
Recruited by Dr. Mark Mobius, Mr. Piliero co-architected Franklin Templeton’s global emerging markets
private equity strategy and served as a founding member of all four Templeton Strategic Emerging Markets
Funds (I–IV), managing over $650 million in combi ned AUM. During his 23 -year tenure, Mr. Piliero
executed more than 30 growth equity transactions across Southeast Asia, North Asia, Europe, and Latin
America—including the highest-multiple exit in the fund series’ history.
Mr. Piliero held board directorships at Indo Trans Logistics, Globus Spirits, China High Speed
Transmission, APAR Industries, and Philippines Urban Living Solutions. Earlier, at Investor AB’s Investor
Growth Capital, Mr. Piliero helped originate and execut e the early-stage investment in Intuitive Surgical
(Nasdaq: ISRG). Mr. Piliero began his career in M&A at Bear Stearns in New York.
A Brown University graduate (B.A., magna cum laude, Business Economics & International Relations; Phi
Beta Kappa), Mr. Piliero also studied P.P.E. at Oxford University (Worcester College). His career spans
residency in Switzerland, Singapore, the United States, and the UAE. Fluent in English and French, he also
speaks conversational Italian and Mandarin.
19
Past performance is no indication or guarantee of future results. See “Important Disclosures and Terms & Conditions” at the end of
this letter. © 2026 Tsai Capital Corporation (Tsai Capital®). All rights reserved.
Kristofer Segerberg, Advisory Committee
Mr. Segerberg is Managing Partner at Settian  Capital LP and has over twenty years of equity investing
experience with major investment firms, including nine years as an equity long/short portfolio manager
with Soros Fund Management LLC in New York. At Soros, Mr. Segerberg managed and co-managed large
cap global equity portfolios using long/short equity strategies that combined bottom-up micro fundamental
value equity analysis with top-down macro-economic and technical considerations.
Prior to Soros, Mr. Segerberg was a senior equity analyst/portfolio manager with John A. Levin & Co.,
Inc. in New York, managing and co -managing over $7 billion of value equity accounts pursuing value -
with-a-catalyst equity strategies. Prior to Levin, Mr. Segerberg worked in mergers & acquisitions corporate
advisory at Macquarie Bank in Sydney, Australia and in mergers & acquisitions and portfolio investments
for Brierley Investments in California, USA.
Mr. Segerberg received an MBA degree from Harvard University (1989), supported by full scholarships
awarded by the Wallenberg Foundation of Sweden and the Governor -General of New Zealand. Mr.
Segerberg received a Bachelor of Science (Honors) degree, with F irst Class Honors, from the University
of Auckland, New Zealand (1985), receiving the Senior Scholarship in Applied Mathematics and the Senior
Prize in Pure Mathematics.
Mr. Segerberg is a dual national with Swedish (E.U.) and U.S. citizenships . He has  lived in Sweden,
Finland, Australia, New Zealand, and the United States.
Justin D. Soffer, Advisory Committee
Mr. Soffer has spent more than two decades in digital media and marketing. He is the founder and CEO of
Conduit Media, a boutique marketing consultancy that partners with venture and private equity firms to
help portfolio companies with growth marketing. P reviously, he was the Chief Marketing Officer of
FoundersCard, a membership community of more than 100,000 founders, entrepreneurs, and CEOs.
Mr. Soffer was Vice President of Marketing at Travelzoo (NASDAQ: TZOO) and served in a variety of
roles at the company from 2003-2018.
He has presented at many national conferences, including the Association of National Advertisers Digital
and Social Summit and the Conference on Time and Attention.
Mr. Soffer received a B.A. degree from Wesleyan University in Middletown, CT, and an M.B.A. from
Columbia University in New York and London Business School in England.
20
Past performance is no indication or guarantee of future results. See “Important Disclosures and Terms & Conditions” at the end of
this letter. © 2026 Tsai Capital Corporation (Tsai Capital®). All rights reserved.
Exhibit V
Service Providers
Accounting & Administration
Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (ADP – Payroll, HR, Tax & Benefits Administration)
Black Diamond Performance Reporting, LLC (Performance Reporting)
Globalization Partners, LLC (G-P – Global Employer of Record, Payroll, Tax & HR Services)
HubSpot, Inc. (CRM & Marketing Platform)
Intuit Inc. (QuickBooks – Accounting & Bookkeeping)
RRBB Advisors, LLP (Tax & Accounting Advisory)
Brokers & Custodians
Bank of America Private Bank
BNY Mellon
Citibank N.A.
Interactive Brokers LLC
Pershing LLC
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated
Compliance
Arctera US LLC (Data Governance & Surveillance Platform)
D.E. Scott & Associates, LLC (SEC/FINRA Compliance Consulting)
Dropbox, Inc. (Secure File Storage & Sharing)
Microsoft Corporation (Microsoft 365 – Email Hosting & Compliance Platform)
Progress Software Corporation (ShareFile – Secure File Sharing, Document Workflow & Client Portal)
General Counsel
Dechert LLP
Smith, Gambrell & Russell, LLP
Website Hosting and Domain Services
GoDaddy.com, LLC (Domain Registration)
Sozo Technologies, LLC d/b/a HostGo (Website Hosting)
21
Past performance is no indication or guarantee of future results. See “Important Disclosures and Terms & Conditions” at the end of
this letter. © 2026 Tsai Capital Corporation (Tsai Capital®). All rights reserved.
Exhibit VI
Portfolio Companies & Leadership
Greg Abel—Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
Tim Cook—Apple Inc.
Henry Fernandez—MSCI Inc.
James Bruce Flatt—Brookfield Corporation
Thomas S. Gayner—Markel Group Inc.
Jen-Hsun Huang—NVIDIA Corporation
Bradley S. Jacobs—QXO, Inc.
Andy Jassy—Amazon.com Inc.
Jonathan Mazelsky—IDEXX Laboratories Inc.
Ryan McInerney—Visa Inc.
Michael Miebach—Mastercard Incorporated
H. Lynn Moore Jr.—Tyler Technologies Inc.
Elon Musk—Tesla Inc.
Satya Nadella—Microsoft Corporation
Sundar Pichai—Alphabet Inc.
Ron Vachris—Costco Wholesale Corporation
Mark Zuckerberg—Meta Platforms, Inc.
22
Past performance is no indication or guarantee of future results. See “Important Disclosures and Terms & Conditions” at the end of
this letter. © 2026 Tsai Capital Corporation (Tsai Capital®). All rights reserved.
Exhibit VII
News
Highlighted News
PR Newswire, “Tsai Capital Appoints Nadim Abi Abdallah as Senior Research Analyst to Lead Next Stage
of Research Expansion,” December 3, 2025
PR Newswire, “Tsai Capital Appoints Richard A. Piliero to Advisory Committee,” November 14, 2025
Latticework 2025—MOI Global, “Christopher Tsai on Great Leaders, Finding the Next Multi -Bagger,”
the Yale Club, October 13, 2025
MarketWatch, “This investor Banks on Munger’s Advice to Ride Out Volatility in Markets and Tesla,”
May 22, 2025
Brighter with Herbert, “Christopher Tsai Discusses Tesla and QXO with Herbert Ong,” April 27, 2025
MarketWatch, “This investor has millions in Tesla. Here’s His Big Wish for Elon Musk,” March 24, 2025
The Guardian, “Notable Tesla Investor Says He Hopes Musk’s Government Role is Short-Lived,” March
15, 2025
MOI Global, “Christopher Tsai Reflects on Timeless Values in Investing and Life,” September 13, 2024
Equity Mates Investing Podcast, “Tesla Deep Dive with Christopher Tsai,” June 17, 2024
Richer, Wiser, Happier Podcast, “Real Success with Christopher Tsai,” May 25, 2024
Fox Business, “Christopher Tsai Discusses Tesla and Tsai Capital on Fox Business,” April 24, 2024
This Week in Intelligent Investing, “Christopher Tsai on Investing in an Age of Disruption,” April 4, 2024
Benzinga, “The Art of Long-Term Investing with Christopher Tsai,” January 17, 2024
The Acquirers Podcast , “Christopher Tsai on Tesla, Growth Investing, and his Mentor Ron Baron, ”
January 9, 2024
Latticework 2023—MOI Global, “Christopher Tsai in Conversation with Peter C. Keefe,” the Yale Club,
December 12, 2023
MarketWatch, “What Charlie Munger and Grandma Ruth Taught This Money Manager Whose Portfolio
is up 50% This Year,” December 5, 2023
Good Investing Talks, “Interview with Christopher Tsai,” Part 2, October 26, 2023
Good Investing Talks, “Interview with Christopher Tsai,” Part 1, September 28, 2023
Forbes, “An Accidental Momentum Investor’s Market-Beating Strategy,” September 2, 2023
23
Past performance is no indication or guarantee of future results. See “Important Disclosures and Terms & Conditions” at the end of
this letter. © 2026 Tsai Capital Corporation (Tsai Capital®). All rights reserved.
Bloomberg Businessweek , “Christopher Tsai Is Interviewed by Bloomberg Businessweek, ” August 1,
2023
Euro am Sonntag, “Christopher Tsai Is Profiled in Euro am Sonntag,” June 30, 2023
Zurich Project 2023—MOI Global, Remarks of Christopher Tsai , “Investing in an Age of Disruption, ”
Zurich, Switzerland, June 8, 2023
Talking Billions , “Christopher Tsai—Three Generations in the Investment Profession, ” December 19,
2022
Latticework 2022 —MOI Global, Keynote Speech of Christopher Tsai , “Investing in an Age of
Disruption,” the Yale Club, December 13, 2022. Available in the Tsai Capital Library at tsaicapital.com
Good Investing Talks , “Christopher Tsai, is Investing an art? Insight from 20+ Years of Successful
Investing,” February 14, 2022
The Nightcrawler Podcast , “Christopher Tsai, Founder of Tsai Capital: From Curiosity to Human
Psychology to Optionality…The Path to Becoming a Great Investor,” January 1, 2022
Archived News
The Wall Street Transcript , “Buying Compounders at Big Discounts to Intrinsic Value ,” November 9,
2020
The Zurich Project Podcast, “Christopher Tsai on Navigating Through the Crisis of 2020,” April 23, 2020
The Zurich Project 2019 Conference—MOI Global, “From Momentum to Value, the Investment Journey
of Christopher Tsai,” July 6, 2019
All Business with Jeffrey Hayzlett , “What’s Your Economic Moat? Interview with Christopher Tsai, ”
October 26, 2017
Nasdaq, “Christopher Tsai Is Interviewed by Jill Malandrino, Global Markets Reporter of Nasdaq, ”
October 11, 2017
The Wall Street Transcript , “Preserving and Growing Capital with High -Quality Growth Companies, ”
October 9, 2017
Yahoo Finance Live, “Christopher Tsai Is Interviewed by Jennifer Rogers of Yahoo Finance,” September
25, 2017
Barron’s, “At Yum China, Growth is on the Menu,” August 26, 2017
Wealth Management Magazine, “Why Successful Investors Position Themselves with the Wind at Their
Back,” August 2017
Bloomberg, “Tsai Capital Bets Starbucks Can Crack the China Code,” August 9, 2017
24
Past performance is no indication or guarantee of future results. See “Important Disclosures and Terms & Conditions” at the end of
this letter. © 2026 Tsai Capital Corporation (Tsai Capital®). All rights reserved.
TheStreet, “Apple Has a Massive $250 Billion Cash Pile That Should Be Used on These Blockbuster
Acquisitions,” August 3, 2017
Mic, “You’ve Got These Top Money Priorities in the Wrong Order,” July 19, 2017
Citywire, “American Know-How Meets Chinese Wisdom,” July 3, 2017
MarketWatch, “This Money Manager Aims to Hold on to Stocks for Decades,” June 13, 2017
PaymentsSource, “How Pizza Hut and Payments are Fueling China’s Retail Revolution,” May 30, 2017
Mic, “Will Investing in Wine, Art and Fancy Cars help You Get Rich Fast? Here’s the Truth .” April 25,
2017
Barron’s, “Mead Johnson’s Formula,” November 5, 2016
Business Wire , “Jason D. Papastavrou Appointed to Tsai Capital Corporation Advisory Committee ,”
October 24, 2016
The Wall Street Transcript, “Investing in the Best of the Best,” July 18, 2016
Barron’s, “Viacom’s Hidden Value,” January 30, 2016
Bloomberg Briefs, “Tsai Capital Likes Mead Johnson on China Growth,” November 4, 2015
CNBC, “China Crash Underscores Risk for US Investors,” July 8, 2015
Barron’s, “Is the Party over in Shanghai?” June 1, 2015
Private Air Magazine, “Christopher Tsai: Taking the Financial World by Storm,” Spring 2015
Barron’s, “Stocks Fall 1.3% on Oil and Currency News,” January 16, 2015
Barron’s, “Jobs Report Lifts Indexes to Record Highs,” December 8, 2014
Bloomberg Briefs , “Hedge Funds: SPOTLIGHT Opportunities Abound in Late Stage of Bull Market:
Christopher Tsai,” October 21, 2014
Bloomberg Radio , “Christopher Tsai is Interviewed for “Taking Stock,” hosted by Carol Massar and
Michael McKee,” October 8, 2014
TheStreet, “Christopher Tsai is Interviewed by Gregg Greenberg for TheStreet,” October 7, 2014
The Wall Street Transcript, “Investing in Growth Global Equities with a Focus on Value ,” September 1,
2014
Fox Business, “The Cost of Doing Business in China,” August 7, 2014
Crain’s New York Business, “Frothy Markets Ready to Pop?” August 3, 2014
25
Past performance is no indication or guarantee of future results. See “Important Disclosures and Terms & Conditions” at the end of
this letter. © 2026 Tsai Capital Corporation (Tsai Capital®). All rights reserved.
Kapitall, “A Long-Term Approach: Christopher Tsai on Investing in Asia,” June 23, 2014
ETF.com, “Hedge Fund Shorting Emerging Markets,” June 18, 2014
TheStreet, “Christopher Tsai is Interviewed by Gregg Greenberg for TheStreet,” June 10, 2014
China Money Network, “Christopher Tsai: Betting on Asian Consumer Names Like Jardine Matheson ,”
April 30, 2014
FINalternatives, “Q&A: Tsai Capital Founder Sees Long -Term Opportunities in Emerging Markets ,”
April 10, 2014
Fundweb, “Christopher Tsai: Ignoring Asia’s Middle Class Will Be A Costly Mistake,” March 24, 2014
Bloomberg Radio, Christopher Tsai is Interviewed for Taking Stock ,” hosted by Pimm Fox and Carol
Massar, March 5, 2014
Business Superstar , “ Q&A Discussion with Christopher Tsai, President & Chief Investment
Officer,” February 24, 2014
Barron’s, “Stocks Close Near Record Highs, Up 2%,” February 15, 2014
Business Insider , “Meet the Hedge Funder Whose Finance Roots Date Back to the Shanghai Stock
Exchange During WWII,” February 12, 2014
Barron’s (Cover Story), “On the Rise,” April 29, 2013
Barron’s (Cover Story), “Big Money Poll: Dow 16,000!” April 22, 2013
FINalternatives, “Looking Ahead to 2012: The Hedge Fund Industry Speaks,” January 6, 2012
Welling@Weeden, “Second Generation,” December 16, 2011
HFM Week, “Tsai Capital Debut Fund Targets Institutions,” June 22, 2011
FINalternatives, “Tsai Capital Launches First Hedge Fund,” June 3, 2011
Reuters, “Distressed Consumer No Longer Boon for Wal-Mart,” May 18, 2010
Barron’s (Cover Story), “Be Very Careful,” April 26, 2010
Barron’s, “Coke Can Float Your Boat,” April 20, 2010
Reuters, “US-Consumers Could Upgrade Brands—Tsai Capital,” March 30, 2010
Barron’s, “10 for the Money,” November 23, 2009
Dow Jones News Wires, “Tales of the Tape: Buybacks Seen Bolstering Bed Bath & Beyond ,” November
6, 2009
26
Past performance is no indication or guarantee of future results. See “Important Disclosures and Terms & Conditions” at the end of
this letter. © 2026 Tsai Capital Corporation (Tsai Capital®). All rights reserved.
Wealth Manager, “The Money Factory,” April 30, 2007
Barron’s, “A Good Name Above All,” September 11, 2006
Barron’s, “Happy Days—Part II,” May 1, 2006
On Wall Street, “Focused on the Long Term,” October 2005
Ticker Magazine, “Twenty Undervalued Growth Stocks,” August 2005
The New York Sun, “The Tsai Method of Selection: Stick to the Fundamentals,” July 20, 2005
Investment Advisor Magazine, “Catching up with…Christopher Tsai,” June 2005
Investor’s Business Daily, “Stock Buybacks on Record Pace, A Bullish Indicator for Investors,” November
12, 2004
Investment & Pensions Europe, “Fine Art of Art Investing,” October 2004
Financial Planning Magazine —SMA Adviser , “Tsai Capital —The Next Generation ,” September 17,
2004
Worth Magazine, “Back Door to China,” September 2004
Barron’s, “A Methodical Man,” August 23, 2004
The Palm Beach Post, “Experts Say Fund Scandal Not Scaring Off Investors,” November 18, 2003
27
Past performance is no indication or guarantee of future results. See “Important Disclosures and Terms & Conditions” at the end of
this letter. © 2026 Tsai Capital Corporation (Tsai Capital®). All rights reserved.
Important Disclosures
and
Terms & Conditions
Important Disclosures
Please read these Important Disclosures (“Disclosures”) carefully before accessing or using any
information provided by Tsai Capital Corporation, a registered investment adviser (“Tsai”), including in
this investment letter, through its website, https://tsaicapital.com (“Site”), social media, videos, audio
recordings, or linked materials, or making any investment decisions. By accessing or using any information
provided by Tsai, you indicate that you understand and intend these Disclosures to be the legal equivalent
of a signed, written contract, and you accept these Disclosures and agree to be legally bound by them
without limitation, modification, or qualification. If you do not agree to these Disclosures, please do not
access or use the Site or rely on any information provided by Tsai.
No Guarantee of Performance
Past performance of Tsai’s separately managed accounts or any entity is no indication or guarantee
of future results. No representation or assurance is made regarding future investment performance.
The S&P 500 Index is an unmanaged benchmark and is not a security that can be purchased or sold.
Individual account performance may vary from the Tsai Capital Growth Equity Strategy composite due to
differing fees (higher on a percentage basis for smaller accounts), holdings, or other factors, and may have
been materially less favorable over any period. Performance data excludes proprietary accounts through
December 31, 2023; accounts with net assets below $200,000 through December 31, 2021; short selling
strategies; and nondiscretionary accounts due to client res trictions. Including such exclusions may have
resulted in less favorable composite returns. Returns include reinvestment of dividends, interest, and other
earnings. Data is historical and unaudited, presented net and gross of management fees; future returns may
vary significantly and should not be assumed comparable. Historical and recent performance information,
including annual comparisons after advisory fees, is available in Tsai’s Investor Letters at
https://tsaicapital.com/library.php. References to specific past holdings, outcomes, or individual company
metrics do not represent overall portfolio performance, and some investments may have underperformed
or lost value. For those interested in Tsai’s separately managed accounts, a list of past recommendations is
available on request.
Not Investment Advice or Offer
Neither the information nor any opinions expressed by Tsai, including in this investment letter, through the
Site, social media, videos, audio recordings, or linked materials, constitute a solicitation or offer by Tsai or
any fund or entity managed by Tsai  to buy or sell any securities, futures, options, or other financial
instruments. This information is for illustration and discussion purposes only and is not a recommendation,
offer to sell, or solicitation to invest in Tsai’s separately managed accounts or private funds. Any such offer
will be made only through a prospectus, account agreement, or similar document to suitable investors in
permitted jurisdictions. Discussions of securities, strategies, portfolio characteristics, or performance are
provided for informational purposes only and should not be relied upon for purposes of determining
whether to invest in any security or utilize Tsai’s services. Do not rely on it in place of independent
judgment. The information is as of the date provided, subject to change without notice, and no
representation is made as to its accuracy, completeness, or timeliness. It is not a complete performance
presentation or analysis. Content posted on Tsai’s LinkedIn account, as well as Christopher Tsai’s personal
accounts ( e.g., @tsaicapital on X and Christopher Tsai on LinkedIn), should not be interpreted as
28
Past performance is no indication or guarantee of future results. See “Important Disclosures and Terms & Conditions” at the end of
this letter. © 2026 Tsai Capital Corporation (Tsai Capital®). All rights reserved.
investment, tax, ERISA, or legal advice. Christopher Tsai, President and Chief Investment Officer of Tsai,
expresses opinions on his personal social media accounts that are his own and do not necessarily reflect
those of Tsai. Tsai and its related persons may hold investments in the securities or companies discussed,
which may incentivize favorable commentary. Tsai incorporates social media interactions into its
investment research process, but such discussions are not recommendations. Certain statements (e.g., those
using “always,” “well known,” or hindsight reflections) are colloquialisms or mannerisms of market
participants and not literal facts. Some information is from third -party sources believed reliable but not
independently verified. Decisions based on information provided by Tsai are the sole responsibility of the
user.
Risks of Investing
All investments carry risk, including loss of principal. References to Tsai’s efforts to minimize losses or
seek a margin of safety do not imply an absence of risk. Short-term market volatility may increase risks for
investors with shorter horizons or liquidity needs.
Terms & Conditions
No Warranties
All information provided by Tsai, including in this investment letter, through the Site, linked materials,
social media, videos, or audio recordings, is provided “AS IS” without warranties of any kind, either
express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Tsai disclaims any and all
warranties, express or implied, that the information is accurate, current, or complete, and it should not be
relied upon as such. Tsai expressly disclaims liability for errors or omissions in th e information provided.
Tsai makes no commitment, and disclaims any duty, to update such information. Tsai reserves the right to
add, modify, or delete any information at any time without notice.
Copyright and Trademarks
All information and materials in this investment letter, including any text, music and sound, graphics,
images, photographs, audio and video, footage, animations, podcasts, analyses, studies, reports, and
downloads (all such content collectively, the “Content”), are the exclusive property of Tsai, are licensed to
Tsai, or are publicly copyrighted, and are protected by law, including United States copyright, database,
trade secret, and trademark law, as well as other state, national, and international laws and regulations. Tsai
Capital® is a registered trademark of Tsai for financial services (Class 36) in the United States. Tsai has
obtained federal trademark registration with the United States Patent and Trademark Office (registration
number 7945455) to protect its brand nationwide. Ts ai reserves all rights with respect to its proprietary
information or material in this investment letter and will enforce such rights to the full extent of applicable
copyright and trademark law. Except as expressly provided in  these Disclosures, Tsai does not grant any
express or implied rights to you. All rights in the Content are owned by Tsai and their respective licensors.
You agree not to sell, distribute, publish, broadcast, circulate, or commercially exploit Content in a ny
manner without the express written consent of Tsai. Any downloading or otherwise copying from this
investment letter will not transfer title to any software or material to you. Unless otherwise noted, Tsai, and
other brands featured in this investment l etter constitute Tsai’s trade/service marks. You agree not to,
directly or indirectly, attempt to register, challenge, or contest the validity of Tsai’s ownership of such
copyrights, trademarks, or any other intellectual property of Tsai, or assist any third party in doing so.
29
Past performance is no indication or guarantee of future results. See “Important Disclosures and Terms & Conditions” at the end of
this letter. © 2026 Tsai Capital Corporation (Tsai Capital®). All rights reserved.
Restrictions on Use of Materials and Limited License
Unless otherwise expressly noted, all information and materials in this investment letter, including without
limitation images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, video clips, and written or other materials
(“Tsai Materials”), are copyrights, trad emarks, service marks, trade names, trade dress, and/or other
intellectual property owned, controlled, or licensed by Tsai. Except as expressly permitted below, no Tsai
Materials may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, distributed, or modified
without Tsai’s prior written permission. Any modification or use of the Tsai Materials for any purpose
other than as expressly authorized herein will violate Tsai’s copyright and other intellectual property rights.
Tsai grants a limited,  revocable, non -exclusive, non -transferable license to access and view the Tsai
Materials solely for your personal, non -commercial use in connection with evaluating Tsai’s services,
subject to these Disclosures. This license does not permit any commercial use or other exploitation of the
Tsai Materials without Tsai’s express written consent.
Regulatory and Proprietary Notice
This information is proprietary to Tsai and its affiliates and is provided solely for informational purposes.
A copy of Tsai’s Form ADV Part 2 is available upon request, and additional details can be found on the
SEC’s website at www.adviserinfo.sec.gov.